does ethanol take more energy make that produces Ethanol fuel -- All biomass goes through at least some of these steps: it needs to be grown, collected, dried, fermented, distilled, and burned. All of these steps require resources and an infrastructure. The total amount of energy input into the process compared to the energy released by burning the resulting ethanol fuel is known as the energy balance (or ``energy returned on energy invested''). Figures compiled in a 2007 report by National Geographic Magazine point to modest results for corn ethanol produced in the US: one unit of fossil-fuel energy is required to create 1.3 energy units from the resulting ethanol. The energy balance for sugarcane ethanol produced in Brazil is more favorable, with one unit of fossil-fuel energy required to create 8 from the ethanol. Energy balance estimates are not easily produced, thus numerous such reports have been generated that are contradictory. For instance, a separate survey reports that production of ethanol from sugarcane, which requires a tropical climate to grow productively, returns from 8 to 9 units of energy for each unit expended, as compared to corn, which only returns about 1.34 units of fuel energy for each unit of energy expended. A 2006 University of California Berkeley study, after analyzing six separate studies, concluded that producing ethanol from corn uses much less petroleum than producing gasoline.

is barq's root beer a pepsi product Barq's -- Barq's /ˈbɑːrks/ is an American soft drink. Its brand of root beer is notable for having caffeine. Barq's, created by Edward Barq and bottled since the turn of the 20th century, is owned by the Barq family but bottled by the Coca-Cola Company. It was known as Barq's Famous Olde Tyme Root Beer until 2012.

is federal income tax the same as social security Taxation in Puerto Rico -- The Commonwealth government has its own tax laws and Puerto Ricans are also required to pay some US federal taxes, although most residents do not have to pay the federal personal income tax. In 2009, Puerto Rico paid $3.742 billion into the US Treasury. Residents of Puerto Rico pay into Social Security, and are thus eligible for Social Security benefits upon retirement. However, they are excluded from the Supplemental Security Income.

is the toyota highlander on a truck frame Toyota Highlander -- Announced in April 2000 at the New York Auto Show and arriving in late 2000 in Japan and January 2001 in North America, the Highlander became one of the first car-based mid-size SUV or mid-size crossovers. The Highlander is the crossover counterpart to the more rugged, truck-based midsize 4Runner and became Toyota's best-selling SUV before being surpassed by the smaller RAV4 in 2006. In Japan, the Kluger is exclusive to dealership network called Toyota NETZ as a larger alternative to the RAV4.

can carbon form polar covalent bonds with hydrogen Carbon–hydrogen bond -- The carbon-hydrogen bond (C--H bond) is a bond between carbon and hydrogen atoms that can be found in many organic compounds. This bond is a covalent bond meaning that carbon shares its outer valence electrons with up to four hydrogens. This completes both of their outer shells making them stable. Carbon--hydrogen bonds have a bond length of about 1.09 Å (1.09 × 10 m) and a bond energy of about 413 kJ/mol (see table below). Using Pauling's scale--C (2.55) and H (2.2)--the electronegativity difference between these two atoms is 0.35. Because of this small difference in electronegativities, the C−H bond is generally regarded as being non-polar. In structural formulas of molecules, the hydrogen atoms are often omitted. Compound classes consisting solely of C--H bonds and C--C bonds are alkanes, alkenes, alkynes, and aromatic hydrocarbons. Collectively they are known as hydrocarbons.

do they still have fox hunts in england Fox hunting -- Fox hunting with hounds, as a formalised activity, originated in England in the sixteenth century, in a form very similar to that practised until February 2005, when a law banning the activity in England and Wales came into force. A ban on hunting in Scotland had been passed in 2002, but it continues to be within the law in Northern Ireland and several other countries, including Australia, Canada, France, Ireland and the United States. In Australia, the term also refers to the hunting of foxes with firearms, similar to deer hunting. In much of the world, hunting in general is understood to relate to any game animals or weapons (e.g., deer hunting with bow and arrow); in Britain and Ireland, ``hunting'' without qualification implies fox hunting (or other forms of hunting with hounds--beagling, drag hunting, hunting the clean boot, mink hunting, or stag hunting), as described here.

does damon and elena get together in season 3 Damon Salvatore -- In the third season, Damon helps Elena in bringing his brother, Stefan, back to Mystic Falls after Stefan becomes Klaus' henchman. The arrangement transpired after a bargain for his blood that would cure Damon of the werewolf bite he had received from Tyler. At first, he is reluctant to involve Elena in the rescue attempts, employing Alaric Saltzman, Elena's guardian, instead as Klaus does not know that Elena is alive after the sacrifice which frees Klaus' hybrid side. However, Elena involves herself, desperate to find Stefan. Damon, though hesitant at first, is unable to refuse her because of his love for her. He also points out to her that she once turned back from finding Stefan since she knew Damon would be in danger, clearly showing that she also has feelings for him. He tells her that ``when (he) drag(s) (his) brother from the edge to deliver him back to (her), (he) wants her to remember the things (she) felt while he was gone.'' When Stefan finally returns to Mystic Falls, his attitude is different from that of the first and second seasons. This causes a rift between Elena and Stefan whereas the relationship between Damon and Elena becomes closer and more intimate. A still loyal Elena, however, refuses to admit her feelings for Damon. In 'Dangerous Liaisons', Elena, frustrated with her feelings for him, tells Damon that his love for her may be a problem, and that this could be causing all their troubles. This incenses Damon, causing him to revert to the uncaring and reckless Damon seen in the previous seasons. The rocky relationship between the two continues until the sexual tension hits the fan and in a moment of heated passion, Elena -- for the first time in the three seasons -- kisses Damon of her own accord. This kiss finally causes Elena to admit that she loves both brothers and realize that she must ultimately make her choice as her own ancestress, Katherine Pierce, who turned the brothers, once did. In assessment of her feelings for Damon, she states this: ``Damon just sort of snuck up on me. He got under my skin and no matter what I do, I can't shake him.'' In the season finale, a trip designed to get her to safety forces Elena to make her choice: to go to Damon and possibly see him one last time; or to go to Stefan and her friends and see them one last time. She chooses the latter when she calls Damon to tell him her decision. Damon, who is trying to stop Alaric, accepts what she says and she tells him that maybe if she had met Damon before she had met Stefan, her choice may have been different. This statement causes Damon to remember the first night he did meet Elena which was, in fact, the night her parents died - before she had met Stefan. Not wanting anyone to know he was in town and after giving her some advice about life and love, Damon compels her to forget. He remembers this as he fights Alaric and seems accepting of his death when Alaric, whose life line is tied to Elena's, suddenly collapses in his arms. Damon is grief-stricken, knowing that this means that Elena has also died and yells, ``No! You are not dead!'' A heartbroken Damon then goes to the hospital demanding to see Elena when the doctor, Meredith Fell, tells him that she gave Elena vampire blood. The last shot of the season finale episode shows Elena in transition.

can an emt-basic start an iv Advanced emergency medical technician -- EMT-I/85 is a level of EMT-I training formulated by the National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians in 1985. This training level includes more invasive procedures than are covered at the EMT-Basic level, including IV therapy, the use of advanced airway devices, and provides for advanced assessment skills. The EMT-I/85 typically administered the same medications as an EMT-B (oxygen, oral glucose, activated charcoal, epinephrine auto-injectors (EpiPens), nitroglycerin, and metered-dose inhalers such as albuterol). However, in some states they were also allowed to administer naloxone, D50, and glucagon. Like all other EMT levels, their scope of practice was governed by the state and/or their Medical Director.

has anyone come back from 3-0 in the nba finals List of teams to overcome 3–1 series deficits -- The following is the list of teams to overcome 3--1 series deficits by winning three straight games to win a best-of-seven playoff series. In the history of major North American pro sports, teams that were down 3--1 in the series came back and won the series 52 times, more than half of them were accomplished by National Hockey League (NHL) teams. Teams overcame 3--1 deficit in the final championship round eight times, six were accomplished by Major League Baseball (MLB) teams in the World Series. Teams overcoming 3--0 deficit by winning four straight games were accomplished five times, four times in the NHL and once in MLB.

do blue and pink cotton candy taste the same Cotton candy -- Typically, once spun, cotton candy is only marketed by color. Absent a clear name other than 'blue', the distinctive taste of the blue raspberry flavor mix has gone on to become a compound flavor that some other foods (gum, ice cream, rock candy, fluoride toothpaste) occasionally borrow (``cotton-candy flavored ice cream'') to invoke the nostalgia of cotton candy that people typically only get to experience on vacation or holidays. Pink bubble gum went through a similar transition from specific branded product to a generic flavor that transcended the original confection, and 'bubble gum flavor' often shows up in the same product categories as 'cotton candy flavor'.

will all xbox 360 games work on xbox one List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- The Xbox One gaming console has received updates from Microsoft since its launch in 2013 that enable it to play select games from its two predecessor consoles, Xbox and Xbox 360. On June 15, 2015, backward compatibility with supported Xbox 360 games became available to eligible Xbox Preview program users with a beta update to the Xbox One system software. The dashboard update containing backward compatibility was released publicly on November 12, 2015. On October 24, 2017, another such update added games from the original Xbox library. The following is a list of all backward compatible games on Xbox One under this functionality.

is there a right and left brachiocephalic artery Brachiocephalic artery -- There is no brachiocephalic artery for the left side of the body. The left common carotid, and the left subclavian artery, come directly off the aortic arch. However, there are two brachiocephalic veins.

is there a sequel to love finds a home Love Finds a Home -- Love Finds a Home is a Christian drama film, the eighth and final installment based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It aired on Hallmark Channel on September 5, 2009. The film is based on the book Love Finds a Home by Janette Oke. Sarah Jones, Haylie Duff, and Jordan Bridges reprise their roles from Love Takes Wing.

will there be a second season of 11.22.63 11.22.63 -- When asked about developing a sequel series, King stated ``I'd love to revisit Jake and Sadie, and also revisit the rabbit hole that dumps people into the past, but sometimes it's best not to go back for a second helping.''.

is there a tiebreaker in final set at wimbledon Tennis scoring system -- The tiebreak is sometimes not employed for the final set of a match and an advantage set is used instead. Therefore, the deciding set must be played until one player or team has won two more games than the opponent. This is true in three of the four major tennis championships, all except the US Open where a tiebreak is played even in the deciding set (fifth set for the men, third set for the women) at 6--6. A tiebreak is not played in the deciding set in the other three majors -- the Australian Open, the French Open, and Wimbledon. (When the tiebreak was first introduced at Wimbledon in 1971, it was invoked at 8--8 rather than 6--6.) The US Open holds ``Super Saturday'' where the two men's semi-finals are played along with the women's final on the second Saturday of the event; therefore a tie-break is more prudent where player rest and scheduling is more important.

did deion sanders ever win a world series Deion Sanders -- Sanders played football primarily at cornerback, but also as a kick returner, punt returner, and occasionally wide receiver. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Atlanta Falcons, the San Francisco 49ers, the Dallas Cowboys, the Washington Redskins and the Baltimore Ravens, winning the Super Bowl with both the 49ers and the Cowboys. An outfielder in baseball, he played professionally for the New York Yankees, the Atlanta Braves, the Cincinnati Reds and the San Francisco Giants, and participated in the 1992 World Series with the Braves. He attended Florida State University, where he was recognized as a two-time All-American in football, and also played baseball and ran track.

was chasing cars written for grey's anatomy Chasing Cars -- ``Chasing Cars'' is a song by Northern Irish alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released as the second single from their fourth studio album, Eyes Open (2006). It was recorded in 2005 and released on 6 June 2006 in the United States and 24 July 2006 in the United Kingdom. The song gained significant popularity in the US after being featured in the second season finale of the popular medical drama Grey's Anatomy, which aired on 15 May 2006.

is northern ireland part of the great britain Great Britain -- The island is dominated by a maritime climate with quite narrow temperature differences between seasons. Politically, Great Britain is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and constitutes most of its territory. Most of England, Scotland, and Wales are on the island. The term ``Great Britain'' is often used to include the whole of England, Scotland and Wales including their component adjoining islands; and is also occasionally but contentiously applied to the UK as a whole in some contexts.

can anyone give last rites in an emergency Anointing of the Sick in the Catholic Church -- The Catholic Church sees the effects of the sacrament as follows: As the sacrament of Marriage gives grace for the married state, the sacrament of Anointing of the Sick gives grace for the state into which people enter through sickness. Through the sacrament a gift of the Holy Spirit is given, that renews confidence and faith in God and strengthens against temptations to discouragement, despair and anguish at the thought of death and the struggle of death; it prevents the believer from losing Christian hope in God's justice, truth and salvation. Because one of the effects of the sacrament is to absolve the recipient of any sins not previously absolved through the sacrament of penance, only an ordained priest or bishop may administer the sacrament.

will there be a new spartacus season 5 Spartacus (TV series) -- After the completion of the first season titled Spartacus: Blood and Sand, production for another season was delayed because lead actor Andy Whitfield was diagnosed with early-stage non-Hodgkin lymphoma so Starz produced a six-episode prequel mini-series entitled Spartacus: Gods of the Arena. When the actor's cancer recurred and he later died on September 11, 2011, Starz had actor Liam McIntyre take on the role of Spartacus in the second season titled Spartacus: Vengeance. On June 4, 2012, Starz announced the third and final season, titled Spartacus: War of the Damned.

is scar alive in the lion king 2 Scar (The Lion King) -- Scar makes a brief cameo appearance in the film in Simba's nightmare. In the nightmare, Simba runs down the cliff where his father died, attempting to rescue him. Scar intervenes, however, and then turns into Kovu and throws Simba off the cliff. Scar makes another cameo appearance in a pool of water, as a reflection, after Kovu is exiled from Pride Rock.

are public limited companies in the private sector Public limited company -- A public limited company (legally abbreviated to plc) is a type of public company under the United Kingdom company law, some Commonwealth jurisdictions, and the Republic of Ireland. It is a limited liability company whose shares may be freely sold and traded to the public (although a plc may also be privately held, often by another plc), with a minimum share capital of £50,000 and usually with the letters PLC after its name. Similar companies in the United States are called publicly traded companies. Public limited companies will also have a separate legal identity.

is health care free in the united states Health care in the United States -- In 2013, 64% of health spending was paid for by the government, and funded via programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and the Veterans Health Administration. People aged under 67 acquire insurance via their or a family member's employer, by purchasing health insurance on their own, or are uninsured. Health insurance for public sector employees is primarily provided by the government in its role as employer.

does the little girl die in man on fire Man on Fire (2004 film) -- Using the information provided by Creasy, The Voice's identity is revealed by Manzano to be Daniel Sánchez, who Mariana exposes on the front page of her newspaper. Creasy sneaks into the home of Sánchez's ex-wife and children, and is fatally shot by his brother Aurelio (Gero Camilo), whom Creasy then captures. Creasy finds out that he not only has The Voice's brother hostage, but his pregnant wife. Creasy calls Daniel Sánchez and threatens to kill all of his family unless he gives himself up (shooting Aurelio's fingers off with a shotgun as a warning while Sanchez listens on the phone), but Sánchez reveals that Pita is still alive, and offers her in exchange for Aurelio and Creasy. After Sanchez confirms Pita's identity (Creasy has him identify what Pita calls her teddy bear as proof), Creasy agrees to the demands. Creasy contacts Lisa to confirm that Pita is alive and to meet him at the exchange. He instructs her to hold the shotgun to Aurelio and to not let him go until Lisa has Pita. He surrenders himself to Sánchez' men, after Pita is released to him. After an embrace, Creasy instructs Pita to runs to her mother. Aurelio is then released and Creasy surrenders to the kidnappers as Lisa and Pita drive away. As Creasy drives off with the kidnappers, it is implied that Creasy, at peace with himself, succumbs to his wounds and dies. Daniel Sánchez is later shot and killed by Manzano during an AFI arrest raid.

did my name is earl finish his list My Name Is Earl -- I had always had an ending to Earl and I'm sorry I didn't get the chance to see it happen. You've got a show about a guy with a list so not seeing him finish it is a bummer. But the truth is, he wasn't ever going to finish the list. The basic idea of the ending was that while he was stuck on a really hard list item he was going to start to get frustrated that he was never going to finish it. Then he runs into someone who had a list of their own and Earl was on it. They needed to make up for something bad they had done to Earl. He asks them where they got the idea of making a list and they tell him that someone came to them with a list and that person got the idea from someone else. Earl eventually realizes that his list started a chain reaction of people with lists and that he's finally put more good into the world than bad. So at that point he was going to tear up his list and go live his life. Walk into the sunset a free man. With good karma. --Greg Garcia

is fate and the furious the last movie The Fate of the Furious -- The Fate of the Furious premiered in Berlin on April 4, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14, 2017, playing in 3D, IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally. The film received mixed reviews from critics, many of whom praised the action sequences and acting performances but criticized the storyline. The film grossed over $1.2 billion worldwide, making it the thirtieth film (and the second in the franchise, after Furious 7) to gross over $1 billion, the third-highest-grossing film of 2017 and the fifteenth-highest-grossing film of all time. The film grossed $542 million worldwide during its opening weekend, which is the second highest-grossing worldwide opening of all time behind Avengers: Infinity War (2018). A spinoff film starring Johnson and Statham's characters is scheduled for release in August 2019, while the ninth and tenth films are scheduled for releases on the years 2020 and 2021.

is the drinking age different in every state U.S. history of alcohol minimum purchase age by state -- From 1976 to 1983, several states voluntarily raised their purchase ages to 19 (or, less commonly, 20 or 21), in part to combat drunk driving fatalities. In 1984, Congress passed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act, which required states to raise their ages for purchase and public possession to 21 by October 1986 or lose 10% of their federal highway funds. By mid-1988, all 50 states and the District of Columbia had raised their purchase ages to 21 (but not Puerto Rico, Guam, or the Virgin Islands, see Additional Notes below). South Dakota and Wyoming were the final two states to comply with the age 21 mandate. The current drinking age of 21 remains a point of contention among many Americans, because of it being higher than the age of majority (18 in most states) and higher than the drinking ages of most other countries. The National Minimum Drinking Age Act is also seen as a congressional sidestep of the tenth amendment. Although debates have not been highly publicized, a few states have proposed legislation to lower their drinking age, while Guam has raised its drinking age to 21 in July 2010.

can the fa cup final end in a tie FA Cup -- The first FA Cup Final to go to extra time and a replay was the 1875 final, between the Royal Engineers and the Old Etonians. The initial tie finished 1--1 but the Royal Engineers won the replay 2--0 in normal time. The last replayed final was the 1993 FA Cup Final, when Arsenal and Sheffield Wednesday fought a 1--1 draw. The replay saw Arsenal win the FA Cup, 2--1 after extra time.

is denatured alcohol and acetone the same thing Denatured alcohol -- Denatured alcohol is used as a solvent and as fuel for alcohol burners and camping stoves. Because of the diversity of industrial uses for denatured alcohol, hundreds of additives and denaturing methods have been used. The main additive has traditionally been 10% methanol, giving rise to the term ``methylated spirits''. Other typical additives include isopropyl alcohol, acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl isobutyl ketone, and denatonium.

is the shape of water movie based on a book The Shape of Water -- The Shape of Water is a 2017 American romantic dark fantasy drama film directed by Guillermo del Toro and written by del Toro and Vanessa Taylor. It stars Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Doug Jones, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Octavia Spencer. Set in Baltimore, Maryland in 1962, the story follows a mute custodian at a high-security government laboratory who falls in love with a captured humanoid amphibian creature. Filming took place in Ontario, Canada, between August and November 2016.

does 1 ball and 1 lucky star win euromillions EuroMillions -- EuroMillions is a transnational lottery requiring 7 correct numbers to win the jackpot . It was launched on 7 February 2004 by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado and the United Kingdom's Camelot. The first draw was held on Friday 13 February 2004 in Paris. Initially, only the UK, France and Spain participated, with the Austrian, Belgian, Irish, Luxembourgish, Portuguese and Swiss lotteries joining for the 8 October 2004 drawing.

are all eyeglasses made by the same company Luxottica -- In January 2017, Luxottica announced a merger with Essilor to be completed by mid-2017, resulting in combined market capitalization of approximately €46 billion. The combined entity will command more than one quarter of global value sales of eyewear. In March 2018, the European Commission unconditionally approved the merger of Essilor and Luxottica.

is it 5 portions of fruit and 5 of vegetables 5 A Day -- 5 A Day is any of various national campaigns in countries such as the United States, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany, to encourage the consumption of at least five portions of fruit and vegetables each day, following a recommendation by the World Health Organization that individuals consume ``a minimum of 400g of fruit and vegetables per day (excluding potatoes and other starchy tubers).'' A meta-analysis of the many studies of this issue was published in 2017 and found that consumption of double the minimum recommendation -- 800g or 10 a day -- provided an increased protection against all forms of mortality.

did the game of thrones theme song change Game of Thrones title sequence -- The theme music that accompanies the title sequence was composed by Ramin Djawadi. The production team showed the title sequence they were working on to Djawadi, who was then inspired to create the music for the Game of Thrones Theme, and finished the theme music three days later. Djawadi said the show runners Benioff and Weiss wanted the theme music to be about a journey that reflects the variety of locations and characters in the show.

is a bumble bee the same as a carpenter bee Bumblebee -- The chill-coma temperature in relation to flying insects is the temperature at which flight muscles cannot be activated. Compared to honey bees and carpenter bees, bumblebees have the lowest chill-coma temperature. Of the bumblebees Bombus bimaculatus has the lowest at 7 °C (45 °F). However, bumblebees have been seen to fly in colder ambient temperatures. This discrepancy is likely because the chill-coma temperature was determined by tests done in a laboratory setting. However, bumblebees live in insulated shelters and can shiver to warm up before venturing into the cold.

has czech republic ever won the world cup Czech Republic at the FIFA World Cup -- Throughout the World Cup history, Brazil became the team's historical rival. The two countries have met each other five times but the Czechs (always as Czechoslovakia) never managed to win, with three victories for the Brazilian side and two draws. Two other historical opponents in the finals were (West) Germany and Italy with three encounters each: Czechoslovakia won, drew and lost once against the Germans and the matches against Italy all ended in a defeat.

is st andrews university in the russell group Russell Group -- All but two of the universities in the Russell Group are part of the Sutton Trust's group of 30 highly selective universities, the Sutton Trust 30 (the absent members being Queen Mary University of London and Queen's University Belfast). The Sutton 13 group of the 13 most highly selective universities only includes one non-Russell Group member, the University of St Andrews. St Andrews was also the only non-Russell Group University in the top 10 by average UCAS tariff score of new undergraduate students in 2015--16, placing fifth with an average score of 525 (and an offer rate of 52.2%). Half of the Russell Group made offers to more than three quarter of their undergraduate applicants in 2015.

does the us court of appeals have original jurisdiction United States courts of appeals -- Because the courts of appeals possess only appellate jurisdiction, they do not hold trials. Only courts with original jurisdiction hold trials and thus determine punishments (in criminal cases) and remedies (in civil cases). Instead, appeals courts review decisions of trial courts for errors of law. Accordingly, an appeals court considers only the record (that is, the papers the parties filed and the transcripts and any exhibits from any trial) from the trial court, and the legal arguments of the parties. These arguments, which are presented in written form and can range in length from dozens to hundreds of pages, are known as briefs. Sometimes lawyers are permitted to add to their written briefs with oral arguments before the appeals judges. At such hearings, only the parties' lawyers speak to the court.

do you win chess by taking the queen Rules of chess -- If a player's king is placed in check and there is no legal move that player can make to escape check, then the king is said to be checkmated, the game ends, and that player loses (Schiller 2003:20--21). Unlike other pieces, the king is never actually captured or removed from the board because checkmate ends the game (Burgess 2009:502).

did boo the world's cutest dog die Boo (dog) -- In April 2012, Boo was the subject of a death hoax after #RIPBOO appeared on Facebook. Tweets followed as Gizmodo writer Sam Biddle tweeted that Boo had died. It was later confirmed by the Chronicle Book staff that Boo was alive and well.

is antarctica the same as the south pole South Pole -- Situated on the continent of Antarctica, it is the site of the United States Amundsen--Scott South Pole Station, which was established in 1956 and has been permanently staffed since that year. The Geographic South Pole is distinct from the South Magnetic Pole, the position of which is defined based on the Earth's magnetic field. The South Pole is at the center of the Southern Hemisphere.

is france the same timezone as the uk Time in France -- At the Liberation of France in the summer of 1944, Metropolitan France kept GMT+2 as it was the time then used by the Allies (British Double Summer Time). In the winter of 1944--1945, Metropolitan France switched to GMT+1, same as in the United Kingdom, and switched again to GMT+2 in April 1945 like its British ally. In September 1945, Metropolitan France returned to GMT+1 (pre-war summer time), which the British had already done in July 1945. Metropolitan France was officially scheduled to return to GMT+0 on November 18, 1945 (the British returned to GMT+0 in on October 7, 1945), but the French government canceled the decision on November 5, 1945, and GMT+1 has since then remained the official time of Metropolitan France.

are liquor stores open on memorial day oklahoma Alcohol laws of Oklahoma -- It is illegal to sell packaged liquor (off-premises sales) on Sundays. Sales also are prohibited on Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Low-point beer for consumption off-premises may not be sold between 2:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m.

is air canada part of one world alliance Oneworld -- On 19 May 1999, LanChile (known as LAN and from 2016 as LATAM Chile) became a member-elect, the alliance's first representative from Latin America. LanChile's two subsidiaries, LAN Express and LAN Perú, would also join the alliance. Irish carrier Aer Lingus was formally elected on board and confirmed as the ninth member of the alliance on 2 December 1999. As LanChile and Aer Lingus joined on 1 June 2000, Canadian Airlines left the alliance, following the airline's purchase by Air Canada, a member of the rival Star Alliance.

are ncaa and nba balls the same size Basketball (ball) -- A basketball (basketball ball) is a spherical ball used in basketball games. Basketballs typically range in size from very small promotional items only a few inches in diameter to extra large balls nearly a foot in diameter used in training exercises. For example, a youth basketball could be 27 inches (69 cm) in circumference, while an National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) men's ball would be a maximum of 30 inches (76 cm) and an NCAA women's ball would be a maximum of 29 inches (74 cm). The standard for a basketball in the National Basketball Association (NBA) is 29.5 inches (75 cm) in circumference and for the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), a maximum circumference of 29 inches (74 cm). High school and junior leagues normally use NCAA, NBA or WNBA sized balls.

is it illegal to make covers of songs Cover version -- Since the Copyright Act of 1909, United States musicians have had the right to record a version of someone else's previously recorded and released tune, whether it is music alone or music with lyrics. A license can be negotiated between representatives of the interpreting artist and the copyright holder, or recording published tunes can fall under a mechanical license whereby the recording artist pays a standard royalty to the original author/copyright holder through an organization such as the Harry Fox Agency, and is safe under copyright law even if they do not have any permission from the original author. A similar service was provided by Limelight by RightsFlow, until January 2015, when they announced they will be closing their service. The U.S. Congress introduced the mechanical license to head off an attempt by the Aeolian Company to monopolize the piano roll market.

can you run on a dropped third strike in little league Uncaught third strike -- In Little League, in the Tee-Ball and Minor League divisions, the batter is out after the third strike regardless of whether the pitched ball is caught cleanly by the catcher. In Little League (or the Major Division), Junior, Senior, and Big League divisions, a batter may attempt to advance to first base on an uncaught third strike. Little League Major Division Softball and many other youth baseball leagues (such as the USSSA) also follow the rule.

can an 18 year old sleep with a 15 year old Ages of consent in the United States -- In the United States, age of consent laws regarding sexual activity are made at the state level. There are several federal statutes related to protecting minors from sexual predators, but laws regarding specific age requirements for sexual consent are left to individual states, territories, and the District of Columbia. Depending on the jurisdiction, legal age of consent ranges from 16 to 18 years old. In some places, civil and criminal laws within the same state conflict with each other.

is there a difference between 2 cycle and 2 stroke Two-stroke oil -- Two-stroke oil (also referred to as two-cycle oil, 2-cycle oil, 2T oil, 2-stroke oil or petroil) is a special type of motor oil intended for use in crankcase compression two-stroke engines.

is the walking dead same as fear the walking dead Fear the Walking Dead -- Fear the Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror drama television series created by Robert Kirkman and Dave Erickson, that premiered on AMC on August 23, 2015. It is a companion series and prequel to The Walking Dead, which is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.

is there a chinatown in st louis mo Chinatown, St. Louis -- Chinatown in St. Louis, Missouri, was a Chinatown near Downtown St. Louis that existed from 1869 until its demolition for Busch Memorial Stadium in 1966. Also called Hop Alley, it was bounded by Seventh, Tenth, Walnut and Chestnut streets.

is let there be light a true story Let There Be Light (2017 film) -- Let There Be Light is a 2017 American Christian drama film directed by and starring Kevin Sorbo and written by Dan Gordon and Sam Sorbo. The plot follows an atheist who goes through a near-death experience in an auto accident and converts to Christianity. Sean Hannity executive produced and appears in the film. Dionne Warwick and Travis Tritt also have roles in the film. It was released in the United States on October 27, 2017.

is the barber of seville a true story The Barber of Seville -- Rossini's opera recounts the events of the first of the three plays by French playwright Pierre Beaumarchais that revolve around the clever and enterprising character named Figaro, the barber of the title. Mozart's opera The Marriage of Figaro, composed 30 years earlier in 1786, is based on the second part of the Beaumarchais trilogy. The first Beaumarchais play was originally conceived as an opéra comique, but was rejected as such by the Comédie-Italienne. The play as it is now known was premiered in 1775 by the Comédie-Française at the Théâtre des Tuileries in Paris.

is the united states part of the commonwealth of nations Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations -- Other states which have expressed an interest in joining the Commonwealth over the years or states which may be eligible to join the Commonwealth include Algeria, Bahrain, Cambodia, Egypt, Eritrea, Israel, Libya, Madagascar, Palestine, United States and Yemen.

can trucks go on the taconic state parkway Taconic State Parkway -- According to data compiled by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Taconic was the second deadliest road in Dutchess County after US 9 between 1994 and 2008. New York State Police blamed travelers exceeding speed limits, wildlife crossings and trucks being directed onto the parkway by their GPS navigation devices. The state was planning to post more explicit signage making it clear that trucks are not allowed on parkways in New York.

do you have to pay both ways on the george washington bridge George Washington Bridge -- Eastbound vehicles must pay a toll to cross the bridge; as with all Hudson River crossings along the North River, westbound vehicles cross for free. As of December 6, 2015, the cash tolls going from New Jersey to New York are $15 for both cars and motorcycles. E-ZPass users are charged $10.50 for cars and $9.50 for motorcycles during off-peak hours, and $12.50 for cars and $11.50 for motorcycles during peak hours. Trucks are charged cash tolls of $20.00 per axle, with discounted peak, off-peak, and overnight E-ZPass tolls. A discounted carpool toll ($6.50) is available at all times for cars with three or more passengers using NY or NJ E-ZPass, who proceed through a staffed toll lane (provided they have registered with the free ``Carpool Plan''). There is an off-peak toll of $7.00 for qualified low-emission passenger vehicles, which have received a Green E-ZPass based on registering for the Port Authority Green Pass Discount Plan.

does the vegas golden knights have a captain List of current NHL captains and alternate captains -- Rule 6.2 of the 2008--09 Official NHL Rulebook indicates that ``(only) when the captain is not in uniform, the coach shall have the right to designate three alternate captains. This must be done prior to the start of the game.'' Many NHL teams with a named captain select more than two alternate captains and rotate the ``A'' among these players throughout the season. There are currently seven teams without captains: the Arizona Coyotes, the Buffalo Sabres, the New York Islanders, the New York Rangers, the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Vancouver Canucks, and the Vegas Golden Knights.

did us ever win the world cup soccer United States men's national soccer team -- The best result for the United States in a World Cup came in 1930 when they reached the semifinals. The best result in the modern era is the 2002 World Cup, when the U.S. reached the quarterfinals. The worst result in the modern era was a first round elimination in 1990, 1998, and 2006.

do donna and eric end up getting married Donna Pinciotti -- In the final episode, Eric returns to Point Place for the New Year and he and Donna kiss. It is presumed that they end up together again at the end of the series and the end of the 1970s.

is there a difference between doves and pigeons Columbidae -- The distinction between ``doves'' and ``pigeons'' is not consistent. In modern everyday speech, as opposed to scientific usage or formal usage, ``dove'' frequently indicates a pigeon that is white or nearly white. However, some people use the terms ``dove'' and ``pigeon'' interchangeably. In contrast, in scientific and ornithological practice, ``dove'' tends to be used for smaller species and ``pigeon'' for larger ones, but this is in no way consistently applied. Historically, the common names for these birds involve a great deal of variation between the terms. The species most commonly referred to as ``pigeon'' is the species known by scientists as the rock dove, one subspecies of which, the domestic pigeon, is common in many cities as the feral pigeon.

is the berlin wall the same as the berlin blockade Berlin Blockade -- By the spring of 1949, the airlift was clearly succeeding, and by April it was delivering more cargo than had previously been transported into the city by rail. On 12 May 1949, the USSR lifted the blockade of West Berlin. The Berlin Blockade served to highlight the competing ideological and economic visions for postwar Europe.

is there a belt above black in karate Black belt (martial arts) -- In Japanese martial arts the further subdivisions of black belt ranks may be linked to dan grades and indicated by 'stripes' on the belt. Yūdansha (roughly translating from Japanese to ``person who holds a dan grade'') is often used to describe those who hold a black belt rank. While the belt remains black, stripes or other insignia may be added to denote seniority, in some arts, very senior grades will wear differently colored belts. In judo and some forms of karate, a sixth dan will wear a red and white belt. The red and white belt is often reserved only for ceremonial occasions, and a regular black belt is still worn during training. At 9th or 10th dan some schools award red. In some schools of Jujutsu, the Shihan rank and higher wear purple belts. These other colors are often still referred to collectively as ``black belts''.

are ground coriander and cumin the same thing Coriander -- Coriander is commonly found both as whole dried seeds and in ground form. Roasting or heating the seeds in a dry pan heightens the flavour, aroma, and pungency. Ground coriander seed loses flavour quickly in storage and is best ground fresh. Coriander seed is a spice in garam masala and Indian curries which often employ the ground fruits in generous amounts together with cumin, acting as a thickener in a mixture called dhana jeera. Roasted coriander seeds, called dhana dal, are eaten as a snack. They are the main ingredient of the two south Indian dishes sambhar and rasam.

do adjectives have to come before a noun Postpositive adjective -- A postpositive or postnominal adjective is an attributive adjective that is placed after the noun or pronoun that it modifies. This contrasts with prepositive adjectives, which come before the noun or pronoun.

is st kitts and nevis a us territory Saint Kitts -- Saint Kitts became home to the first Caribbean British and French colonies in the mid-1620s. Along with the island nation of Nevis, Saint Kitts was a member of the British West Indies until gaining independence on September 19, 1983.

do you have to be born with perfect pitch Absolute pitch -- Physically and functionally, the auditory system of an absolute listener does not appear to be different from that of a non-absolute listener. Rather, ``it reflects a particular ability to analyze frequency information, presumably involving high-level cortical processing.'' Absolute pitch is an act of cognition, needing memory of the frequency, a label for the frequency (such as ``B-flat''), and exposure to the range of sound encompassed by that categorical label. Absolute pitch may be directly analogous to recognizing colors, phonemes (speech sounds), or other categorical perception of sensory stimuli. Just as most people have learned to recognize and name the color blue by the range of frequencies of the electromagnetic radiation that are perceived as light, it is possible that those who have been exposed to musical notes together with their names early in life will be more likely to identify, for example, the note C. Absolute pitch may also be related to certain genes, possibly an autosomal dominant genetic trait, though it ``might be nothing more than a general human capacity whose expression is strongly biased by the level and type of exposure to music that people experience in a given culture.''

is z nation a spinoff of the walking dead Z Nation -- Z Nation begins three years into a zombie apocalypse caused by a virus, which has already killed most humans. In the days just before society fell apart, Murphy was one of three inmates at Portsmouth Naval Prison in Kittery, Maine, who were unwilling participants in a government-approved experiment. Each inmate was given a different test vaccine. Murphy was the only one to survive the vaccine injection. He is the only known survivor of a zombie bite who did not turn into a zombie, and his blood contains antibodies that are mankind's last and best hope for a vaccine. However, something is wrong. He seems to be mutating into some form of hybrid between zombie and human, his skin is shedding and his body turning blue, and he seems to be able to control and even mesmerize certain types of zombies he encounters. Yet, he hasn't turned, and still maintains full control of himself. The series revolves around his travelings with a small group of survivors being led through the apocalypse by Simon ``Citizen Z'' Cruller, who watches the world from his multiple computers. The group is looking to use him to solve the zombie pandemic.

is there a difference between muay thai and thai boxing Muay Thai -- Muay Thai (Thai: มวยไทย, RTGS: Muai Thai, pronounced (mūa̯j thāj) ( listen)) or Thai boxing is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This discipline is known as the ``Art of Eight Limbs'' because it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees and shins. Muay Thai became widespread internationally in the twentieth century, when practitioners from Thailand began competing in Kickboxing, mixed rules matches, as well as matches under Muay Thai rules around the world. The professional league is governed by The Professional Boxing Association of Thailand (P.A.T) sanctioned by The Sports Authority of Thailand (S.A.T.), and World Professional Muaythai Federation (WMF) overseas.

is there a congestion charge in london on sunday London congestion charge -- The London congestion charge is a fee charged on most motor vehicles operating within the Congestion Charge Zone (CCZ) in Central London between 07:00 and 18:00 Mondays to Fridays. It is not charged on weekends, public holidays or between Christmas Day and New Year's Day (inclusive). The charge was introduced on 17 February 2003. As of 2017, the London charge zone remains as one of the largest congestion charge zones in the world, despite the cancellation of the Western Extension which operated between February 2007 and January 2011. The charge aims to reduce high traffic flow and pollution in the central area and raise investment funds for London's transport system.

is the speed of sound constant for all materials Speed of sound -- In common everyday speech, speed of sound refers to the speed of sound waves in air. However, the speed of sound varies from substance to substance: sound travels most slowly in gases; it travels faster in liquids; and faster still in solids. For example, (as noted above), sound travels at 343 m/s in air; it travels at 1,484 m/s in water (4.3 times as fast as in air); and at 5,120 m/s in iron (about 15 times as fast as in air). In an exceptionally stiff material such as diamond, sound travels at 12,000 metres per second (26,843 mph); (about 35 times as fast as in air) which is around the maximum speed that sound will travel under normal conditions.

was the movie insomnia based on a book Insomnia (2002 film) -- Robert Westbrook adapted the screenplay to novel form, which was published by Alex in May 2002.

is father's day the same day every year Father's Day -- Father's Day is a celebration honoring fathers and celebrating fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society. In Catholic Europe, it has been celebrated on March 19 (St. Joseph's Day) since the Middle Ages. This celebration was brought by the Spanish and Portuguese to Latin America, where March 19 is often still used for it, though many countries in Europe and the Americas have adopted the U.S. date, which is the third Sunday of June. It is celebrated on various days in many parts of the world, most commonly in the months of March, April and June. It complements similar celebrations honoring family members, such as Mother's Day, Siblings Day, and Grandparents' Day.

is the son of beast still at kings island Son of Beast -- Son of Beast is also known for two major, non-fatal accidents. In 2006, damage to the track caused one of the trains to stop abruptly. Another setback occurred in 2009, when a woman claimed to have suffered a head injury. The ride was closed indefinitely, with the only reference of its existence appearing on a tombstone outside the new Banshee coaster (showing a simple logo of the ride and the dates 2000-2009). On July 27, 2012, the closure was made permanent, as Kings Island announced that the roller coaster would be dismantled and removed from the park.

do you have to have a wicket keeper in cricket Wicket-keeper -- There is no rule stating a team must play a wicket-keeper. On 5 June 2015 during a T20 Blast game between the Worcestershire Rapids and the Northamptonshire Steelbacks, Worcestershire chose not to play a wicket-keeper in the 16th over of the match. Their keeper, Ben Cox, became an extra fielder at fly slip while spinner Moeen Ali bowled. The umpires consulted with each other and agreed that there was nothing in the rules to prevent it from happening.

does the monorail go to las vegas airport Las Vegas Monorail -- When the monorail company first announced details of the extension in September 2008, the airport extension was to be built with private funds and was expected to be built by 2012. However, as of March 2011, the Las Vegas Monorail Company was still in the planning phases of the proposed extension to McCarran International Airport with a proposed stop on the UNLV campus.

is national and enterprise car rental the same company National Car Rental -- National Car Rental is an American rental car agency based in Clayton, Missouri, United States. National is owned by Enterprise Holdings, along with other agencies including Enterprise Rent-A-Car, and Alamo Rent a Car.

is san pedro laguna part of metro manila Metro Manila -- There is a high clamor for the inclusion of San Pedro, Laguna in Metro Manila. Support groups from the local government and non-government organizations are striving to incorporate San Pedro into Metro Manila. No government agency has yet to take action on the proposal.

was integration the rule in the northern states School integration in the United States -- Some schools around America were integrated before the mid-20th century, the first ever school being Lowell High School in Massachusetts, which has accepted students of all races at its inception. The earliest known African American student, Caroline Van Vronker, attended the school in 1843. The integration of all American schools was a major catalyst for the civil rights action and racial violence that occurred in the United States during the latter half of the 20th century.

is the guy from deception really a twin Jack Cutmore-Scott -- As of 11 March 2018, Cutmore-Scott dons an American accent to play disgraced illusionist/magician-turned-FBI consultant Cameron Black following an illusion that goes horribly wrong in the new ABC murder-mystery series Deception. Cutmore-Scott also portrays Cameron's incarcerated, identical-twin brother Jonathan. Deception began airing the same evening in Canada on CTV.

are the make it or break it cast real gymnasts Make It or Break It -- Make It or Break It was created by Holly Sorensen who, along with Paul Stupin and John Ziffren, served as the show's executive producers. The stunt doubles were former elite, Olympian or NCAA champion gymnasts.

can you have more than one wife in uk Polygamy in the United Kingdom -- Polygamous marriages may not be performed in the United Kingdom, and if a polygamous marriage is performed, the already-married person may be guilty of the crime of bigamy under the s.11 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973.

does a california roll have fish in it California roll -- A California roll or California maki is a makizushi sushi roll, usually made inside-out, containing cucumber, crab meat or imitation crab, and avocado. Sometimes crab salad is substituted for the crab stick, and often the outer layer of rice in an inside-out roll (uramaki) is sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds, tobiko or masago (capelin roe).

do the miami dolphins have a real dolphin in their stadium Flipper (mascot) -- Flipper was a mascot for the Miami Dolphins from 1966 to 1968. She was situated in a fish tank in the open (east) end of the Orange Bowl, and was trained to jump in the tank when a touchdown or field goal was scored.

is courage the cowardly dog still on tv Courage the Cowardly Dog -- Courage the Cowardly Dog originally was premiered as a short on February 18, 1996. The show premiered on November 12, 1999 and became the highest-rated premiere in Cartoon Network history at the time. It last aired on November 22, 2002, with 52 episodes produced in four seasons. The series is available for streaming on Boomerang's website. Reruns have aired on Boomerang.

will there be a season 4 of game shakers Game Shakers -- When ordered to series in early 2015, it was planned that the first season would consist of 26 episodes. The cast of the series was announced on July 7, 2015. On July 25, 2015, the network announced some special guest stars, including Matt Bennett, Yvette Nicole Brown, GloZell, Jared ``ProJared'' Knabenbauer, and Smosh Games host David ``Lasercorn'' Moss. On March 2, 2016, Nickelodeon announced that the series had been renewed for a second season. The second season premiered on Nickelodeon on September 17, 2016. Nickelodeon renewed Game Shakers for a third season on November 16, 2016. The third season premiered on Nickelodeon on February 10, 2018. On March 26, 2018, Nickelodeon announced that Game Shakers had been canceled and will end after its third season.

is race 3 a continuation of race 2 Race (film series) -- Race is a series of Indian action-thriller films. The series is directed by Abbas-Mustan, Remo D'Souza and produced by Ramesh S. Taurani, Kumar S. Taurani and Salman Khan under the banner of Tips Industries and Salman Khan Films. The series stars Anil Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan as recurring roles for first 2 films, Race and Race 2. The third film, Race 3 has an unrelated plot. It stars Anil Kapoor, who plays a new role, and Salman Khan. Race 3 received poor reviews from critics, but became the third highest-grossing film . The makers are moving to make Race 4 which will again be a new story that will roll on 2020. The first film is loosely based on the 1998 Hollywood movie Goodbye Lover.

are they still making new episodes of adventure time Adventure Time (season 10) -- The tenth and final season of Adventure Time, an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward, premiered on Cartoon Network on September 17, 2017. It is set to conclude on September 3, 2018 and will wrap up the entire animated series. The season was produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Frederator Studios. The season follows the final adventures of Finn, a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake, a dog with magical powers to change shape and size at will. Finn and Jake live in the post-apocalyptic Land of Ooo, where they interact with the other main characters of the show: Princess Bubblegum, The Ice King, Marceline the Vampire Queen, Lumpy Space Princess, BMO, and Flame Princess.

is the barber of seville the same as sweeney todd Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street -- Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a 1979 musical thriller with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and book by Hugh Wheeler. The musical is based on the 1973 play Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street by Christopher Bond.

is peroxide and hydrogen peroxide the same thing Peroxide -- Aside from hydrogen peroxide, some other major classes of peroxides are these:

are all xbox games compatible with xbox one List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- Realizing that game discs for original Xbox consoles could be scarce, Spencer said that plans were in place to make compatible Xbox games available digitally. Spencer also said that such games may also be incorporated into the Xbox Game Pass subscription service. In a later interview, Spencer indicated that the potential library of Xbox titles being playable on Xbox One will be smaller than that currently available from the Xbox 360 library. Spencer noted two reasons for the more limited library were the availability of content rights for the games and the technical difficulties related to the conversion.

has the u s ever won a world cup FIFA World Cup -- The 21 World Cup tournaments have been won by eight national teams. Brazil have won five times, and they are the only team to have played in every tournament. The other World Cup winners are Germany and Italy, with four titles each; Argentina, France and inaugural winner Uruguay, with two titles each; and England and Spain with one title each.

is there a such thing as a broken heart Broken heart -- Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a metaphor for the intense emotional--and sometimes physical--stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing. The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.

have panama qualified for the world cup before Panama at the FIFA World Cup -- Panama has qualified once for the finals of a FIFA World Cup, the 2018 edition. They directly qualified after securing the third spot in the hexagonal on the final round. This meant that after 10 failed qualification campaigns, Panama would appear at the World Cup for the first time in their history.

can protein pass through the blood brain barrier Blood–brain barrier -- The blood--brain barrier (BBB) is a highly selective semipermeable membrane barrier that separates the circulating blood from the brain and extracellular fluid in the central nervous system (CNS). The blood--brain barrier is formed by brain endothelial cells and it allows the passage of water, some gases, and lipid-soluble molecules by passive diffusion, as well as the selective transport of molecules such as glucose and amino acids that are crucial to neural function. Furthermore, it prevents the entry of lipophilic potential neurotoxins by way of an active transport mechanism mediated by P-glycoprotein. Astrocytes have been claimed to be necessary to create the blood--brain barrier. A few regions in the brain, including the circumventricular organs, do not have a blood--brain barrier.

are the pirates of the caribbean movies based on books Pirates of the Caribbean -- Pirates of the Caribbean is a Disney franchise encompassing numerous theme park attractions and a media franchise consisting of a series of films, and spin-off novels, as well as a number of related video games and other media publications. The franchise originated with the Pirates of the Caribbean theme ride attraction, which opened at Disneyland in 1967 and was one of the last Disney theme park attractions overseen by Walt Disney. Disney based the ride on pirate legends and folklore.

are there any states where you can marry your sibling Laws regarding incest in the United States -- In all but two states, incest is criminalized between consenting adults. In New Jersey and Rhode Island, incest between consenting adults (16 or over for Rhode Island, 18 or over for New Jersey) is not a criminal offense, though marriage is not allowed in either state. New Jersey also increases the severity of underage sex offenses by a degree if they're also incestuous, and criminalizes incest with 16-17 year olds (the normal age of consent in New Jersey is 16).

is income per capita the same as gdp per capita Per capita income -- Per capita income is often used to measure an area's average income. This is used to see the wealth of the population with those of others. Per capita income is often used to measure a country's standard of living. It is usually expressed in terms of a commonly used international currency such as the euro or United States dollar, and is useful because it is widely known, is easily calculable from readily available gross domestic product (GDP) and population estimates, and produces a useful statistic for comparison of wealth between sovereign territories. This helps to ascertain a country's development status. It is one of the three measures for calculating the Human Development Index of a country.

is the national guard part of the coast guard United States Coast Guard -- The Coast Guard operates approximately 201 fixed and rotary wing aircraft from 24 Coast Guard Air Stations throughout the contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. Most of these air stations are tenant activities at civilian airports, several of which are former Air Force Bases and Naval Air Stations, although several are also independent military facilities. Coast Guard Air Stations are also located on active Naval Air Stations, Air National Guard bases, and Army Air Fields.

do ex presidents fly on air force one Air Force One -- When President Bush came to the end of his second term in 2009, a VC-25 was used to transport him to Texas. For this purpose the aircraft call sign was Special Air Mission 28000, as the aircraft did not carry the current President of the United States. Similar arrangements were made for former Presidents Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama.

is there such a thing as a miniature pig Miniature pig -- Miniature pig (also micro-pig, teacup pig, Michelle Davila, etc.) is an erroneous term that is used to refer to small breeds of domestic pig, such as Pot-bellied pigs, Göttingen minipigs, Juliana pigs, Choctaw Hogs, or Kunekune (and specimens derived by cross-breeding with these). Notable features of most miniature pigs distinguishing them from other pigs may be defined by their possession of small, perked-back ears, a potbelly, sway back, chubby figure, rounded head, short snout, legs, and neck, and a short tail with thick hair at the end. Typically, most breeds of mini pigs will range from the minimum weight of 75 pounds (34 kg) to 200 pounds (91 kg).

was there a 6th burrow in new york Sixth borough -- The term sixth borough is used to describe any of a number of places that are not politically within the borders of any of the five boroughs of New York City that have instead been referred to as a metaphorical part of the city by virtue of their geographic location, demographic composition, special affiliation with New York City, or cosmopolitan character. They include adjacent cities and counties in the New York metropolitan area as well as in other states, U.S. territories, and foreign countries.

does salt water taffy have salt water in it Salt water taffy -- Salt water taffy is composed of sugar, cornstarch, corn syrup, glycerine, water, butter, salt, natural and/or artificial flavor, and food color. Some examples of flavoring include vanilla, lemon, maple, banana, red licorice, watermelon, raspberry or mint extracts. Despite its name, the taffy contains no salt water (seawater), but does contain both salt and water.

can you grow banana trees from a banana Banana -- All widely cultivated bananas today descend from the two wild bananas Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana. While the original wild bananas contained large seeds, diploid or polyploid cultivars (some being hybrids) with tiny seeds are preferred for human raw fruit consumption. These are propagated asexually from offshoots. The plant is allowed to produce two shoots at a time; a larger one for immediate fruiting and a smaller ``sucker'' or ``follower'' to produce fruit in 6--8 months.

are all of the far cry games connected Far Cry -- The Far Cry games, due to the history of their development, do not have any significant shared narrative elements, but instead share a theme of placing the player in a wilderness environment where they must help fight against one or more despots that control the region as well as surviving against wild animals that roam the open spaces. The Far Cry games feature a robust single-player campaign with later titles offering co-operative campaign support. The games also offer competitive multiplayer options and the ability for users to edit the games' maps for these matches.

do american citizens need a visa for georgia Visa policy of Georgia -- Holders of visas or residence permits of EU/EFTA/GCC countries, overseas territories of EU countries (except Anguilla, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha), Australia, Canada, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea or the United States do not require a visa for max 90 days in a 180-day period. The visa/residence permit must be valid on arrival to Georgia. However, there have been many cases where those holding valid residency of GCC countries have been denied access without assigning any reason, especially if they are citizens of India and Pakistan.

can you get a tattoo at any age Legal status of tattooing in the United States -- In the United States, there is no federal law regulating the practice of tattooing. However, all 50 states and the District of Columbia have statutory laws requiring a person receiving a tattoo be 18 years or older. This is partially based on the legal principle that a minor cannot enter into a legal contract or otherwise render informed consent for a procedure. Most states permit a person under the age of 18 to receive a tattoo with permission of a parent or guardian, but some states outright prohibit tattooing under a certain age regardless of permission, with the exception of medical necessity (such as markings placed for radiation therapy).

is there a season 4 for red rock List of Red Rock episodes -- Following a major overhaul in the summer of 2016, each episode is now a single 60 minute transmission, including advertisements. The series was also moved to 9:00pm on Mondays, to allow for grittier storylines, as the series is now post-watershed. A special-double episode was broadcast on 9 January 2017 as a single 120 minute transmission. This episode was co-written by actor Shaun Williamson. The second series was broadcast in the UK between 17 July 2017 and 8 September 2017, with Series 3 scheduled for this year.

does the girl die in brain on fire Brain on Fire -- Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness is a 2012 New York Times Bestselling autobiography by New York Post writer Susannah Cahalan. The book details Cahalan's struggle with a rare autoimmune disease and her recovery. It was first published on November 13, 2012 through Free Press in hardback, and was later reprinted in paperback by Simon & Schuster after the two companies merged.

is ar-15 used in the military Colt AR-15 -- The Colt AR-15 is a lightweight, 5.56×45mm, magazine-fed, gas-operated semi-automatic rifle. It was designed to be manufactured with extensive use of aluminum alloys and synthetic materials. It is a semi-automatic version of the United States military M16 rifle. Colt's Manufacturing Company currently uses the AR-15 trademark for its line of semi-automatic AR-15 rifles that are marketed to civilian and law-enforcement customers.

did ireland ever win the soccer world cup Republic of Ireland at the FIFA World Cup -- Their first appearance in the finals was in Italy at the 1990 FIFA World Cup. 1990 was also their best performance in a major championship, where they reached the quarter finals.

is microsoft visio and visual studio the same Microsoft Visio -- Visio began as a standalone product produced by Shapeware Corporation; version 1.0 shipped in 1992. A pre-release, Version 0.92, was distributed free on a floppy disk along with a Microsoft Windows systems readiness evaluation utility. In 1995, Shapeware Corporation changed their name to Visio Corporation to take advantage of market recognition and related product equity. Microsoft acquired Visio in 2000, re-branding it as a Microsoft Office application. Like Microsoft Project, however, it has never been officially included in any of the bundled Office suites (although it was on the disk for Office 2003 and could be installed if users knew it was there ). Microsoft included a Visio for Enterprise Architects edition with some editions of Visual Studio .NET 2003 and Visual Studio 2005.

is a ram and a lamb the same thing Sheep -- Domestic sheep (Ovis aries) are quadrupedal, ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock. Like most ruminants, sheep are members of the order Artiodactyla, the even-toed ungulates. Although the name sheep applies to many species in the genus Ovis, in everyday usage it almost always refers to Ovis aries. Numbering a little over one billion, domestic sheep are also the most numerous species of sheep. An adult female sheep is referred to as a ewe (/juː/), an intact male as a ram or occasionally a tup, a castrated male as a wether, and a younger sheep as a lamb.

did olivia from law and order have a baby Olivia Benson -- At the conclusion of the season 15 finale, Benson becomes the court-appointed custodial guardian of Noah Porter, an orphaned baby. The appointment is for a trial period of one year, with the option to apply for legal adoption at the end of that period. Although the year is rocky due to Noah's health issues and the demands of her job, Benson grows to love Noah and formally adopts him a year later.

is the justice department part of the judicial branch United States Department of Justice -- The United States Department of Justice (DOJ), also known as the Justice Department, is a federal executive department of the U.S. government, responsible for the enforcement of the law and administration of justice in the United States, equivalent to the justice or interior ministries of other countries. The department was formed in 1870 during the Ulysses S. Grant administration.

are canadian dollars the same as american dollars Canadian dollar -- The Canadian dollar (symbol: $; code: CAD; French: dollar canadien) is the currency of Canada. It is abbreviated with the dollar sign $, or sometimes Can$ or C$ to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies. It is divided into 100 cents (¢).

do hela cells have a normal number of chromosomes HeLa -- Horizontal gene transfer from human papillomavirus 18 (HPV18) to human cervical cells created the HeLa genome, which is different from Henrietta Lacks' genome in various ways, including its number of chromosomes. HeLa cells are rapidly dividing cancer cells, and the number of chromosomes varied during cancer formation and cell culture. The current estimate (excluding very tiny fragments) is a ``hypertriploid chromosome number (3n+)'' which means 76 to 80 total chromosomes (rather than the normal diploid number of 46) with 22--25 clonally abnormal chromosomes, known as HeLa signature chromosomes.'' The signature chromosomes can be derived from multiple original chromosomes, making challenging summary counts based on original numbering. Researchers have also noted how stable these aberrant karyotypes can be:

is smaug the only dragon in middle earth Dragon (Middle-earth) -- In Tolkien's works, dragons are quadrupedal, like Komodo dragons or other lizards, and are either flightless (Glaurung) or are winged and capable of flight (Ancalagon and Smaug). Winged dragons are stated to have first appeared during the War of Wrath, the battle that ended the First Age.

does the national guard stay in the us National Guard of the United States -- Prior to the attacks against the United States on September 11, 2001, the National Guard's general policy regarding mobilization was that Guardsmen would be required to serve no more than one year cumulative on active duty (with no more than six months overseas) for each five years of regular drill. Due to strains placed on active duty units following the attacks, the possible mobilization time was increased to 18 months (with no more than one year overseas). Additional strains placed on military units as a result of the invasion of Iraq further increased the amount of time a Guardsman could be mobilized to 24 months. Current Department of Defense policy is that no Guardsman is involuntarily activated for more than 24 months (cumulative) in one six-year enlistment period.

is a bowl and a pipe the same thing Bowl (smoking) -- A bowl, when referred to in pipe smoking, is the part of a smoking pipe or bong that is used to hold tobacco, cannabis, or other substances.

are all the angles equal in a parallelogram Parallelogram -- In Euclidean geometry, a parallelogram is a simple (non-self-intersecting) quadrilateral with two pairs of parallel sides. The opposite or facing sides of a parallelogram are of equal length and the opposite angles of a parallelogram are of equal measure. The congruence of opposite sides and opposite angles is a direct consequence of the Euclidean parallel postulate and neither condition can be proven without appealing to the Euclidean parallel postulate or one of its equivalent formulations.

did deep blue sea 2 come out in theaters Deep Blue Sea 2 -- Deep Blue Sea 2 also released the same week on VOD. It debuted at #10 on the Microsoft Store VOD chart for the week ended 04-23-18 just behind theatrical release Insidious: The Last Key and maintained its position at #10 the following week (for the week ended 04-30-18) just behind theatrical release, Matt Damon starrer Downsizing. The Deep Blue Sea 2 VOD debut ranking was approximately on-par with the VOD debut of theatrical release Winchester the following week. Deep Blue Sea 2 was the only non-theatrical release to appear in the top 10 of any VOD chart for the months of April and May 2018.

does university of tampa have a football team Tampa Spartans football -- The Tampa Spartans football program was an intercollegiate American football team for the University of Tampa located in Tampa, Florida. The team competed in the NCAA Division I as an independent. The school's first football team was fielded in 1933. The football program was discontinued at the conclusion of the 1974 season.

will the new legends of monkey have a season 2 The New Legends of Monkey -- The New Legends of Monkey is a television series inspired by Monkey, a Japanese production from the 1970s and 80s which garnered a cult following in New Zealand, Australia, the U.K. and South Africa. The Japanese production was based on the 16th century Chinese novel Journey to the West. The show is a co-production between ABC Me, TVNZ, and Netflix, and consists of ten episodes. The New Legends of Monkey premiered on 28 January 2018.

has croatia ever won the soccer world cup Croatia at the FIFA World Cup -- Croatia national football team have appeared in the FIFA World Cup on five occasions (in 1998, 2002, 2006, 2014 and 2018) since gaining independence in 1991. Before that, from 1930 to 1990 Croatia was part of Yugoslavia. For World Cup records and appearances in that period, see Yugoslavia national football team and Serbia at the FIFA World Cup. Their best result thus far was silver position at the 2018 final, where they lost 4-2 to France.

do you count walks in the batting average Base on balls -- Receiving a base on balls does not count as a hit or an at bat for a batter but does count as a time on base and a plate appearance. Therefore, a base on balls does not affect a player's batting average, but it can increase his on-base percentage.

are all bacteria of a single species the exact same shape Bacterial cell structure -- Cell shape is generally characteristic of a given bacterial species, but can vary depending on growth conditions. Some bacteria have complex life cycles involving the production of stalks and appendages (e.g. Caulobacter) and some produce elaborate structures bearing reproductive spores (e.g. Myxococcus, Streptomyces). Bacteria generally form distinctive cell morphologies when examined by light microscopy and distinct colony morphologies when grown on Petri plates.

is romania part of the visa waiver program Visa Waiver Program -- The European Union has been pressuring the United States to extend the Visa Waiver Program to its five remaining member countries that are not currently in it: Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland, and Romania. All of these are ``road map countries'' except Croatia, which only recently joined the EU in 2013. In November 2014 Bulgarian Government announced that it will not ratify the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership unless the United States lifted visas for its citizens.

is the nba salary cap a hard cap NBA salary cap -- Unlike the NFL and NHL, the NBA features a so-called soft cap, meaning that there are several significant exceptions that allow teams to exceed the salary cap to sign players. This is done to allow teams to keep their own players, which, in theory, fosters fan support in each individual city. By contrast, the NFL and NHL salary caps are considered hard, meaning that they offer relatively few (if any) circumstances under which teams can exceed the salary cap. The NBA and MLS version of the ``soft'' cap does, however, offer less leeway to teams than that of the MLB. MLB does allow teams to spend as much as they want on salary, but it penalizes them a percentage of the amount by which they exceed the soft cap. The percentage increases as the number of consecutive years a team exceeds the cap grows, resetting only when a team falls under the cap.

is there a remake of my fair lady My Fair Lady (film) -- A new film of the musical was planned in 2008 with a screenplay by Emma Thompson but the project did not materialize. Keira Knightley, Carey Mulligan, and Colin Firth were among those in consideration for the lead roles.

is a legislator the same as a senator Legislator -- A legislator (or lawmaker) is a person who writes and passes laws, especially someone who is a member of a legislature. Legislators are usually politicians and are often elected by the people of the state. Legislatures may be supra-national (for example, the European Parliament), national (for example, the United States Congress), regional (for example, the National Assembly for Wales), or local (for example, local authorities).

is a peck the same as a bushel Peck -- A peck is an imperial and United States customary unit of dry volume, equivalent to 2 dry gallons or 8 dry quarts or 16 dry pints (9.09 (UK) or 8.81 (US) liters). Two pecks make a kenning (obsolete), and four pecks make a bushel. Although the peck is no longer widely used, some produce, such as apples, is still often sold by the peck. Despite being referenced in the well-known Peter Piper tongue twister, pickled peppers are so rarely sold by the peck that any association between pickled peppers and the peck unit of measurement is considered humorous in nature.

is it goaltending if the ball hits the backboard below the rim Goaltending -- In basketball, goaltending is the violation of interfering with the ball while it is on its way to the basket and it is (a) in a downward flight, (b) entirely above the rim and has the possibility of entering the basket, and (c) not touching the rim. In NCAA basketball, WNBA and NBA basketball, goaltending is also called if the ball has already touched the backboard while being above the height of the rim in its flight, regardless of whether it being in an upward or downward flight or whether it is directly above the rim. Goaltending in this context defines by exclusion what is considered a legal block of a field goal. In high school and NCAA basketball, goaltending is also called when a player interferes with a free throw at any time in its flight towards the basket. If goaltending is called for interference with a field goal, the shooting team is awarded the points for the field goal as if it had been made. In high school and NCAA basketball, if goaltending is called on a free throw, the shooting team is awarded one point and a technical foul is called against the offending player.

do bee stingers fall out on their own Bee sting -- Although it is widely believed that a worker honey bee can sting only once, this is a partial misconception: although the stinger is in fact barbed so that it lodges in the victim's skin, tearing loose from the bee's abdomen and leading to its death in minutes, this only happens if the skin of the victim is sufficiently thick, such as a mammal's. Honey bees are the only hymenoptera with a strongly barbed sting, though yellow jackets and some other wasps have small barbs.

is c# and visual c# the same C Sharp (programming language) -- Microsoft is leading the development of the open-source reference C# compiler and set of tools, previously codenamed ``Roslyn''. The compiler, which is entirely written in managed code (C#), has been opened up and functionality surfaced as APIs. It is thus enabling developers to create refactoring and diagnostics tools. While other implementations of C# exist, Visual C# is by far the one most commonly used. The Unity game engine uses C# as its primary scripting language.

is the seven ages of man a sonnet All the world's a stage -- ``All the world's a stage'' is the phrase that begins a monologue from William Shakespeare's As You Like It, spoken by the melancholy Jaques in Act II Scene VII Line 138. The speech compares the world to a stage and life to a play and catalogues the seven stages of a man's life, sometimes referred to as the seven ages of man: infant, schoolboy, lover, soldier, justice, Pantalone, and old age, facing imminent death. It is one of Shakespeare's most frequently quoted passages.

is it legal to escape from prison in germany Prison escape -- In Mexico, Belgium, Germany and Austria, the philosophy of the law holds that it is human nature to want to escape. In those countries, escapees who do not break any other laws are not charged for anything and no extra time is added to their sentence. However, in Mexico, officers are allowed to shoot prisoners attempting to escape and an escape is illegal if violence is used against prison personnel or property, or if prison inmates or officials aid the escape.

are rice noodles and glass noodles the same Cellophane noodles -- Cellophane noodles should not be confused with rice vermicelli, which are made from rice and are white in color rather than clear (after cooking in water).

is how to train your dragon on now tv How to Train Your Dragon (franchise) -- The How to Train Your Dragon franchise from DreamWorks Animation consists of two feature films How to Train Your Dragon (2010) and How to Train Your Dragon 2 (2014), with a third feature film, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, set for a 2019 release. The franchise is inspired by the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The franchise also consists of four short films: Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon (2010), Book of Dragons (2011), Gift of the Night Fury (2011) and Dawn of the Dragon Racers (2014). A television series following the events of the first film, Dragons: Riders of Berk, began airing on Cartoon Network in September 2012. Its second season was renamed Dragons: Defenders of Berk. Set several years later, and as a more immediate prequel to the second film, a new television series, titled Dragons: Race to the Edge, aired on Netflix in June 2015. The second season of the show was added to Netflix in January 2016 and a third season in June 2016. A fourth season aired on Netflix in February 2017, a fifth season in August 2017, and a sixth and final season on February 16, 2018.

is a dodge dakota a half ton truck Truck classification -- This has led to categorizing trucks similarly, even if their payload is different. Therefore, the Toyota Tacoma, Dodge Dakota, Ford Ranger, Honda Ridgeline, Chevrolet S-10, GMC S-15 and Nissan Frontier are called quarter-tons (1⁄4-ton). The Ford F-150, Chevrolet C10/K10, Chevrolet/GMC 1500, Dodge 1500, Toyota Tundra, and Nissan Titan are half-tons (1⁄2-ton). The Ford F-250, Chevrolet C20/K20, Chevrolet/GMC 2500, and Dodge 2500 are three-quarter-tons (3⁄4-ton). Chevrolet/GMC's 3⁄4-ton suspension systems were further divided into light and heavy-duty, differentiated by 5-lug and 6 or 8-lug wheel hubs depending on year, respectively. The Ford F-350, Chevrolet C30/K30, Chevrolet/GMC 3500, and Dodge 3500 are one tons (1-ton).

has every mountain in the world been climbed Highest unclimbed mountain -- An unclimbed mountain is a mountain peak that has yet to be climbed to the top. Determining which unclimbed peak is highest is often a matter of controversy. In some parts of the world, surveying and mapping are still unreliable, and there are no comprehensive records of the routes of explorers, mountaineers and local inhabitants. In some cases, even modern ascents by larger parties have been poorly documented and, with no universally recognized listing, the best that can be achieved in determining the world's highest unclimbed peaks is somewhat speculative. Most sources indicate that Gangkhar Puensum (7,570 metres (24,840 ft)) in Bhutan or on the Bhutan-China border is the tallest mountain in the world that has yet to be fully summited. Gangkhar Puensum has been off limits to climbers since 1994 when Bhutan prohibited all mountaineering above 6,000 m (20,000 ft) due to spiritual/religious beliefs.

is american sign language the only sign language List of sign languages -- There are perhaps three hundred sign languages in use around the world today. The number is not known with any confidence; new sign languages emerge frequently through creolization and de novo (and occasionally through language planning). In some countries, such as Sri Lanka and Tanzania, each school for the deaf may have a separate language, known only to its students and sometimes denied by the school; on the other hand, countries may share sign languages, though sometimes under different names (Croatian and Serbian, Indian and Pakistani). Deaf sign languages also arise outside educational institutions, especially in village communities with high levels of congenital deafness, but there are significant sign languages developed for the hearing as well, such as the speech-taboo languages used in aboriginal Australia. Scholars are doing field surveys to identify the world's sign languages.

do evergreen trees lose their leaves in the winter Evergreen -- In botany, an evergreen is a plant that has leaves throughout the year, always green. This is true even if the plant retains its foliage only in warm climates, and contrasts with deciduous plants, which completely lose their foliage during the winter or dry season. There are many different kinds of evergreen plants, both trees and shrubs. Evergreens include:

is the square root of 3 a rational number Square root of 3 -- The square root of 3 is an irrational number. It is also known as Theodorus' constant, named after Theodorus of Cyrene, who proved its irrationality.

are beef short ribs the same as spare ribs Short ribs -- Beef short ribs are the equivalent of spare ribs in pork, with beef short ribs usually larger and meatier than pork spare ribs.

is a walk in baseball a dead ball Base on balls -- A hit by pitch is not counted statistically as a walk, though the effect is mostly the same, with the batter receiving a free pass to first base. One exception is that on a HBP (hit-by-pitch), the ball is dead. On a HBP, any runners attempting to steal on the play must return to their original base unless forced to the next base anyway. When a walk occurs, the ball is still live: any runner not forced to advance may nevertheless attempt to advance at his own risk, which might occur on a steal play, passed ball, or wild pitch. Also, because a ball is live when a base on balls occurs, runners on base forced to advance one base may attempt to advance beyond one base, at their own risk. The batter-runner himself may attempt to advance beyond first base, at his own risk. Rule 6.08 addresses this matter as well. An attempt to advance an additional base beyond the base awarded might occur when ball four is a passed ball or a wild pitch.

can you play just cause 3 on xbox 360 Just Cause 3 -- Just Cause 3 was released worldwide on December 1, 2015, for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game was published by Square Enix. A Collector's Edition of the game was announced on March 12, 2015. People were allowed to vote for the items included in the Edition. The result of the poll was revealed on July 9, 2015, and the Collector's Edition includes a grappling hook, the Weaponized Vehicle Pack content, a poster of Medici and an artbook. At Gamescom 2015, Square Enix announced that players who purchased the game on Xbox One would receive the backward-compatible version of Just Cause 2 for the Xbox 360. Console players who purchased the game's Day One Edition are eligible to enter a contest held by Avalanche and Square Enix, which tasks players to score Chaos Points to top the leaderboard. The winner of the contest would get a real-life island, or US$50,000 cash.

do all xbox 360 discs work on xbox one List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- The Xbox One gaming console has received updates from Microsoft since its launch in 2013 that enable it to play select games from its two predecessor consoles, Xbox and Xbox 360. On June 15, 2015, backward compatibility with supported Xbox 360 games became available to eligible Xbox Preview program users with a beta update to the Xbox One system software. The dashboard update containing backward compatibility was released publicly on November 12, 2015. On October 24, 2017, another such update added games from the original Xbox library. The following is a list of all backward compatible games on Xbox One under this functionality.

can red eared sliders live in the ocean Red-eared slider -- The red-eared slider originated from the area around the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico, in warm climates in the southeastern United States. Their native areas range from the southeast of Colorado to Virginia and Florida. In nature, they inhabit areas with a source of still, warm water, such as ponds, lakes, swamps, creeks, streams, or slow-flowing rivers. They live in areas of calm water where they are able to leave the water easily by climbing onto rocks or tree trunks so they can warm up in the sun. Individuals are often found sunbathing in a group or even on top of each other. They also require abundant aquatic plants, as these are the adults' main food, although they are omnivores. Turtles in the wild always remain close to water unless they are searching for a new habitat or when females leave the water to lay their eggs.

will there be another season of ad the bible continues A.D. The Bible Continues -- A.D. The Bible Continues (also known as A.D. Kingdom and Empire) is a television miniseries, based on the Bible, and a sequel to the 2013 miniseries, The Bible. It is produced by Roma Downey, Mark Burnett, and Richard Bedser. The limited series began airing on NBC on Easter Sunday, April 5, 2015, in twelve weekly one-hour episodes. The story takes place immediately after the events of The Bible miniseries, beginning with the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus, and continues with the first ten chapters of the Acts of the Apostles. On July 3, 2015, NBC cancelled A.D. The Bible Continues after one season. However, producers Burnett and Downey plan future biblical productions on their OTT digital channel.

is it safe to wash your kid's mouth out with soap Washing out mouth with soap -- This punishment still has advocates today, even though its use has diminished considerably in recent years in favour of discipline methods that are not considered violent or humiliating. Additionally, ingestion of soaps and detergents can have potentially serious health consequences, and persons utilizing this form of punishment may face legal sanctions.

has nigeria ever won the fifa world cup before Nigeria at the FIFA World Cup -- Nigeria have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on six occasions, the first being in 1994 where they reached the second round. Their sixth and most recent appearance at the finals was the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.

does the little boy die in life is beautiful Life Is Beautiful -- Guido maintains this story right until the end when, in the chaos of shutting down the camp as the Allied forces approach, he tells his son to stay in a box until everybody has left, this being the final task in the competition before the promised tank is his. Guido goes to find Dora, but he is caught by a German soldier. An officer makes the decision to execute Guido, who is led off by the soldier. While he is walking to his death, Guido passes by Giosuè one last time, still in character and playing the game. Guido is then shot and left for dead in an alleyway. The next morning, Giosuè emerges from the sweat-box, just as a US Army unit led by a Sherman tank arrives and the camp is liberated. Giosuè is overjoyed about winning the game, and an American soldier allows Giosuè to ride on the tank. While travelling to safety, Giosuè soon spots Dora in the procession leaving the camp and reunites with his mother. While the young Giosuè excitedly tells his mother about how he had won a tank, just as his father had promised, the adult Giosuè, in an overheard monologue, reminisces on the sacrifices his father made for him.

is there a seat belt law in new hampshire Seat belt laws in the United States -- Most seat belt laws in the United States are left to the states. However, the first seat belt law was a federal law, Title 49 of the United States Code, Chapter 301, Motor Vehicle Safety Standard, which took effect on January 1, 1968, that required all vehicles (except buses) to be fitted with seat belts in all designated seating positions. This law has since been modified to require three-point seat belts in outboard-seating positions, and finally three-point seat belts in all seating positions. Initially, seat belt use was voluntary. New York was the first state to pass a law which required vehicle occupants to wear seat belts, a law that came into effect on December 1, 1984. Officer Nicholas Cimmino of the Westchester County Department of Public Safety wrote the nation's first ticket for such violation. New Hampshire is the only state that has no enforceable laws for the wearing of seat belts in a vehicle.

do you know the place where the peacock throne is now Peacock Throne -- The Peacock Throne was a famous jeweled throne that was the seat of the Mughal emperors of India. It was commissioned in the early 17th century by emperor Shah Jahan and was located in the Diwan-i-Khas (Hall of Private Audiences) in the Red Fort of Delhi. The original throne was subsequently captured and taken as a war trophy in 1739 by the Persian emperor Nadir Shah, and has been lost since. A replacement throne based on the original was commissioned afterwards and existed until the Indian Rebellion of 1857.

can a negative number be a perfect square Square number -- Square numbers are non-negative. Another way of saying that a (non-negative) integer is a square number, is that its square root is again an integer. For example, √9 = 3, so 9 is a square number.

has panama been in the world cup before Panama at the FIFA World Cup -- Panama has qualified once for the finals of a FIFA World Cup, the 2018 edition. They directly qualified after securing the third spot in the hexagonal on the final round. This meant that after 10 failed qualification campaigns, Panama would appear at the World Cup for the first time in their history.

does a cow have to be pregnant to lactate Dairy cattle -- To maintain lactation, a dairy cow must be bred and produce calves. Depending on market conditions, the cow may be bred with a ``dairy bull'' or a ``beef bull.'' Female calves (heifers) with dairy breeding may be kept as replacement cows for the dairy herd. If a replacement cow turns out to be a substandard producer of milk, she then goes to market and can be slaughtered for beef. Male calves can either be used later as a breeding bull or sold and used for veal or beef. Dairy farmers usually begin breeding or artificially inseminating heifers around 13 months of age. A cow's gestation period is approximately nine months. Newborn calves are removed from their mothers quickly, usually within three days, as the mother/calf bond intensifies over time and delayed separation can cause extreme stress on both cow and calf.

is night of the living dead a true story Night of the Living Dead -- Romero drew inspiration from Richard Matheson's I Am Legend (1954), a horror novel about a plague that ravages a futuristic Los Angeles. The infected in I Am Legend become vampire-like creatures and prey on the uninfected. Discussing the creation of Night of the Living Dead, Romero remarked, ``I had written a short story, which I basically had ripped off from a Richard Matheson novel called I Am Legend.'' Romero further explained:

is there a sequel to along came a spider Along Came a Spider (film) -- There were no further sequels, but the character of Alex Cross was rebooted with a 2012 film adaptation of the novel Cross under the title Alex Cross starring Tyler Perry in the titular role.

is there raw egg in egg drop soup Egg drop soup -- Egg drop soup (traditional: 蛋花湯; pinyin: dànhuātāng; literally ``egg flower soup'') is a Chinese soup of wispy beaten eggs in boiled chicken broth. Condiments such as black pepper or white pepper, and finely chopped scallions and tofu are optional, but commonly added to the soup. The soup is finished by adding a thin stream of beaten eggs to the boiling broth in the final moments of cooking, creating thin, silken strands or flakes of cooked egg that float in the soup. Egg drop soup using different recipes is known to be a simple-to-prepare soup in different East Asian and Western countries.

is a cornish game hen a baby chicken Cornish game hen -- In the United States, a Cornish game hen, also sometimes called a Cornish hen, poussin, Rock Cornish hen, or simply Rock Cornish, is a hybrid chicken sold whole. Despite the name, it is not a game bird. Rather, it is a broiler chicken, the most common strain of commercially raised meat chickens. Though the bird is called a ``hen'', it can be either male or female. A Cornish hen typically commands a higher price per pound than typically sold chickens, despite a shorter growing span of 28 to 30 days, as opposed to 42 or more for regular chicken.

is taiwan a member of the paris convention Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property -- As of February 2017, the Convention has 177 contracting member countries, which makes it one of the most widely adopted treaties worldwide. Notably, Taiwan (officially the Republic of China or ROC) and Burma are not parties to the Convention. However, according to Article 27 of its Patent Act, Taiwan recognizes priority claims from contracting members.

is there always a way to win solitaire Klondike (solitaire) -- For a standard game of Klondike, drawing three cards at a time and placing no limit on the number of re-deals, the number of possible hands is over 7067800000000000000♠8×10, or an 8 followed by 67 zeros. About 79% of the games are theoretically winnable, but in practice, human players do not win 79% of games played, due to wrong moves that cause the game to become unwinnable. If one allows cards from the foundation to be moved back to the tableau, then between 82% and 91.5% are theoretically winnable. Note that these results depend on complete knowledge of the positions of all 52 cards, which a player does not possess. Another recent study has found the Draw 3, Re-Deal Infinite to have a 83.6% win rate after 1000 random games were solved by a computer solver. The issue is that a wrong move cannot be known in advance whenever more than one move is possible. The number of games a skilled player can probabilistically expect to win is at least 43%. In addition, some games are ``unplayable'' in which no cards can be moved to the foundations even at the start of the game; these occur in only 0.25% (1 in 400) of hands dealt.

can you drink the water in flint now Flint water crisis -- The Flint water crisis first started in 2014 when the drinking water source for the city of Flint, Michigan was changed from Lake Huron and the Detroit River to the cheaper Flint River. Due to insufficient water treatment, lead leached from the lead water pipes into the drinking water, exposing over 100,000 residents. After a pair of scientific studies proved lead contamination was present in the water supply, a federal state of emergency was declared in January 2016 and Flint residents were instructed to use only bottled or filtered water for drinking, cooking, cleaning, and bathing. As of early 2017, the water quality had returned to acceptable levels; however, residents were instructed to continue to use bottled or filtered water until all the lead pipes have been replaced, which is expected to be completed no sooner than 2020.

are billy and nora from the thundermans twins List of The Thundermans characters -- Billy Thunderman (Diego Velazquez) is the third-born Thunderman child. He is an energetic little brother to Phoebe and Max and older brother to Nora and Chloe. His superpower is super-speed. In one episode, it was revealed that Barb gave birth to Billy in the air while her husband was transporting her to a hospital, implying that Billy likely hit his head after birth, which is probably why he is sometimes unintelligent.

does north and south korea speak the same North–South differences in the Korean language -- The Korean language has changed between the two states due to the length of time that North and South Korea have been separated.

is adjusted gross income same as taxable income Adjusted gross income -- In the United States income tax system, adjusted gross income (AGI) is an individual's total gross income minus specific deductions. Taxable income is adjusted gross income minus allowances for personal exemptions and itemized deductions. For most individual tax purposes, AGI is more relevant than gross income.

did ukraine make it to the world cup 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group I -- The group winners, Iceland, qualified directly for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The group runners-up, Croatia, advanced to the play-offs as one of the best 8 runners-up, where they won against Greece and thus qualified too. This was the first time Ukraine failed to advance to the play-offs.

is payola legal in canada and the united states Payola -- Payola, in the music industry, is the illegal practice of payment or other inducement by record companies for the broadcast of recordings on commercial radio in which the song is presented as being part of the normal day's broadcast, without announcing this prior to broadcast. Under US law, a radio station can play a specific song in exchange for money, but this must be disclosed on the air as being sponsored airtime, and that play of the song should not be counted as a ``regular airplay''.

was the right to bear arms in the original constitution Second Amendment to the United States Constitution -- The Second Amendment (Amendment II) to the United States Constitution protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms and was adopted on December 15, 1791, as part of the first ten amendments contained in the Bill of Rights. The Supreme Court of the United States has ruled that the right belongs to individuals for self-defense, while also ruling that the right is not unlimited and does not prohibit all regulation of either firearms or similar devices. State and local governments are limited to the same extent as the federal government from infringing this right, per the incorporation of the Bill of Rights.

are breakfast lunch and dinner always served in italy Italian meal structure -- Italian meal structure is typical of the Mediterranean region and different from meal structure of Northern Europe / Northwestern Europe and Germanic and Slavic Europe, though it still often consists of breakfast, lunch, and supper. However, much less emphasis is placed on breakfast, and breakfast itself is often skipped or involves lighter meal portions than are seen in other non-Mediterranean Western countries. Late-morning and mid-afternoon snacks, called merenda (plural merende), are also often included in this meal structure. Italians also commonly divide a celebratory meal into several different courses.

is the honda crf 250 a 2 stroke Honda CRF series -- The Honda CRF series is a line of four-stroke motocross and trail motorcycles manufactured and marketed by Honda.

is a veteran someone who went to war Veteran -- A veteran (from Latin vetus, meaning ``old'') is a person who has had long service or experience in a particular occupation or field. A military veteran is a person who has served or is serving in the armed forces. Those veterans that have had direct exposure to acts of military conflict may also be referred to as war veterans (although not all military conflicts, or areas in which armed combat takes place, are necessarily referred to as wars).

are black widow and red back spiders the same Redback spider -- A member of the genus Latrodectus in the family Theridiidae, the redback belongs in a clade with the black widow spider, with the katipo as its closest relative. A 2004 molecular study supports the redback's status as a distinct species, as does the unique abdomen-presenting behaviour of the male during mating. The close relationship between the two species is shown when mating: the male redback is able to successfully mate with a female katipo producing hybrid offspring. However, the male katipo is too heavy to mate with the female redback, as it triggers a predatory response in the female when it approaches the web, causing the female to eat it. There is evidence of interbreeding between female katipo and male redbacks in the wild.

is the ogallala aquifer the largest in the world Ogallala Aquifer -- The Ogallala Aquifer is a shallow water table aquifer surrounded by sand, silt, clay and gravel located beneath the Great Plains in the United States. One of the world's largest aquifers, it underlies an area of approximately 174,000 sq mi (450,000 km) in portions of eight states (South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Texas). It was named in 1898 by geologist N.H. Darton from its type locality near the town of Ogallala, Nebraska. The aquifer is part of the High Plains Aquifer System, and rests on the Ogallala Formation, which is the principal geologic unit underlying 80% of the High Plains.

was the battle of new orleans fought after the war of 1812 Battle of New Orleans -- The Battle of New Orleans was fought on Sunday, January 8, 1815, between the British Army under Major General Sir Edward Pakenham, and the United States Army under Brevet Major General Andrew Jackson. It took place approximately 5 miles (8.0 kilometres) south of the city of New Orleans, close to the present-day town of Chalmette, Louisiana, and was an American victory. The battle effectively marked the end of the War of 1812.

can you get to south america by car Darién Gap -- The Pan-American Highway is a system of roads measuring about 30,000 km (19,000 mi) long that crosses through the entirety of North, Central, and South America, with the sole exception of the Darién Gap. On the South American side, the Highway terminates at Turbo, Colombia near 8°6′N 76°40′W﻿ / ﻿8.100°N 76.667°W﻿ / 8.100; -76.667. On the Panamanian side, the road terminus is the town of Yaviza at 8°9′N 77°41′W﻿ / ﻿8.150°N 77.683°W﻿ / 8.150; -77.683. This marks a straight-line separation of about 100 km (60 mi). In between are marshland and forest.

were any bodies found from the edmund fitzgerald SS Edmund Fitzgerald -- Carrying a full cargo of ore pellets with Captain Ernest M. McSorley in command, she embarked on her ill-fated voyage from Superior, Wisconsin, near Duluth, on the afternoon of November 9, 1975. En route to a steel mill near Detroit, Fitzgerald joined a second freighter, SS Arthur M. Anderson. By the next day, the two ships were caught in a severe storm on Lake Superior, with near hurricane-force winds and waves up to 35 feet (11 m) high. Shortly after 7:10 p.m., Fitzgerald suddenly sank in Canadian (Ontario) waters 530 feet (160 m) deep, about 17 miles (15 nautical miles; 27 kilometers) from Whitefish Bay near the twin cities of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario--a distance Fitzgerald could have covered in just over an hour at her top speed. Although Fitzgerald had reported being in difficulty earlier, no distress signals were sent before she sank; Captain McSorley's last message to Anderson said, ``We are holding our own.'' Her crew of 29 perished, and no bodies were recovered. The exact cause of the sinking remains unknown, though many books, studies, and expeditions have examined it. Fitzgerald may have been swamped, suffered structural failure or topside damage, been shoaled, or suffered from a combination of these.

is the bronx zoo the largest zoo in the world Bronx Zoo -- The Bronx Zoo is a zoo located within Bronx Park in the Bronx, a borough of New York City. It is the largest metropolitan zoo in the United States and among the largest in the world. On average, the zoo has 2.15 million visitors each year, and it comprises 265 acres (107 ha) of park lands and naturalistic habitats, through which the Bronx River flows.

does season finale mean the show is over Season finale -- A season finale (British English: last in the season; Australian English: season final) is the final episode of a season of a television program. This is often the final episode to be produced for a few months or longer, and, as such, will try to attract viewers to continue watching when the series begins again.

can a girl scout be an eagle scout Gold Award (Girl Scouts of the USA) -- The Gold Award is often compared to the Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America.

are elephants at the top of the food chain African bush elephant -- The adult African bush elephant generally has no natural predators due to its great size, but the calves (especially the newborns) or juveniles that are vulnerable to attacks by lions (especially in the drought months) and crocodiles, and (rarely) to leopard and hyena attacks. An exception to this rule was observed in Chobe National Park, Botswana, where a subadult was observed to have fallen prey to lions. Aside from that, lions in Chobe have been observed for some time taking both infants (23% of elephant kills) and juveniles. Predation, as well as drought, contribute significantly to infant mortality. The newborn elephant, known as a calf, will normally stray from the herd at birth, placing themselves and their populations into a relatively low number for their species. Over the years, certain regions in Africa have been known to contain an abundant amount of the elephant carcasses. These graveyards are overpopulated by lions and hyenas who prowl and forage for the remains of an elephant corpse.

does a junctional rhythm have a p wave Junctional rhythm -- Junctional rhythm can be diagnosed by looking at an ECG: it usually presents without a P wave or with an inverted P wave. Retrograde P waves refers to the depolarization from the AV node back towards the SA node.

have the san jose sharks won a stanley cup San Jose Sharks -- The Sharks were founded in 1991 and were the first NHL franchise based in the San Francisco Bay Area since the California Golden Seals relocated to Cleveland in 1976. The Sharks have advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals once, losing to the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2016. They have won the Presidents' Trophy once, as the team with the league's best regular season record in the 2008--09 season. They have also won six division titles as a member of the Pacific Division since 1993.

does a paladin have to be lawful good Paladin (Dungeons & Dragons) -- With the introduction of the 4th edition of D&D, paladins become champions of a chosen deity instead of just righteous warriors. There are other important changes, for example, paladins can be of any alignment, and can no longer fall in disgrace and lose their paladinhood.

is a first degree burn worse than a third degree burn Burn -- Burns that affect only the superficial skin layers are known as superficial or first-degree burns. They appear red without blisters and pain typically lasts around three days. When the injury extends into some of the underlying skin layer, it is a partial-thickness or second-degree burn. Blisters are frequently present and they are often very painful. Healing can require up to eight weeks and scarring may occur. In a full-thickness or third-degree burn, the injury extends to all layers of the skin. Often there is no pain and the burnt area is stiff. Healing typically does not occur on its own. A fourth-degree burn additionally involves injury to deeper tissues, such as muscle, tendons, or bone. The burn is often black and frequently leads to loss of the burned part.

has anyone ever escaped from alcatraz and lived List of Alcatraz escape attempts -- There were 14 escape attempts to escape from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary over the 29 years that Alcatraz served as a federal penitentiary. According to the prison's correctional officers, once a convict arrived on the Alcatraz wharf, his first thoughts were on how to leave. During its 29 years of operation, the penitentiary claimed that no prisoner successfully escaped. A total of 36 prisoners made 14 escape attempts, two men trying twice; twenty-three were caught, six were shot and killed, two drowned, and five are listed as ``missing and presumed drowned''.

was the black death in the victorian times Black Death in England -- The Black Death was a bubonic plague pandemic, which reached England in June 1348. It was the first and most severe manifestation of the Second Pandemic, caused by Yersinia pestis bacteria. The term ``Black Death'' was not used until the late 17th century.

does cedar point still have the demon drop Demon Drop -- Demon Drop is a drop tower amusement ride at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom. Designed by Intamin, it is a Freefall model that was originally located at Cedar Point when it first opened to the public in 1983. It was relocated to Dorney Park following the 2009 season and reopened in 2010. It is one of the oldest of its kind still in operation.

do uk citizens need a visa for albania Visa policy of Albania -- Any visitor who holds a valid, multiple entry and previously used visa issued by a Schengen area country, United States, or the United Kingdom can enter Albania without a visa for 90 days. Visa must have been used at least once before arrival to Albania. The visa exemption also applies to valid Green Card holders, holders of resident permits issued by a Schengen country, or holders of refugee and stateless travel documents issued by an EU or EFTA member state.

have any supreme court justices ever been removed Samuel Chase -- The Senate voted to acquit Chase of all charges on March 1, 1805. There were 34 Senators present (25 Republicans and 9 Federalists), and 23 votes were needed to reach the required two-thirds majority. Of the eight votes cast, the closest vote was 18 for impeachment and 16 for acquittal in regards to the Baltimore grand jury charge. He is the only U.S. Supreme Court justice to have been impeached. Judge Alexander Pope Humphrey recorded in the Virginia Law Register an account of the impeachment trial and acquittal of Chase.

is breakfast at tiffany's black and white Breakfast at Tiffany's (film) -- The New York Times called the film a ``completely unbelievable but wholly captivating flight into fancy composed of unequal dollops of comedy, romance, poignancy, funny colloquialisms and Manhattan's swankiest East Side areas captured in the loveliest of colors''. In reviewing the performances, the newspaper said Holly Golightly is

has anyone ever came back from 3-0 in nba List of teams to overcome 3–1 series deficits -- The following is the list of teams to overcome 3--1 series deficits by winning three straight games to win a best-of-seven playoff series. In the history of major North American pro sports, teams that were down 3--1 in the series came back and won the series 52 times, more than half of them were accomplished by National Hockey League (NHL) teams. Teams overcame 3--1 deficit in the final championship round eight times, six were accomplished by Major League Baseball (MLB) teams in the World Series. Teams overcoming 3--0 deficit by winning four straight games were accomplished five times, four times in the NHL and once in MLB.

can you carry a gun in new york city Gun laws in New York -- Restrictions on handgun licenses in New York vary greatly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In contrast to ``no carry'' New York City, and some counties which only issue ``to and from target shooting and hunting'' licenses, many upstate counties issue unrestricted pistol licenses that allow unrestricted concealed carry of a loaded handgun (except at schools, court houses or courtrooms, and secure areas of airports).

can you vote as a permanent resident in canada Permanent residency in Canada -- Permanent residents do not have the right to vote in elections in Canada nor can they run for elected office in any level of government. Several municipal governments in Canada -- including Toronto, Vancouver, Halifax, and Calgary -- have proposed giving permanent residents the right to vote in municipal elections but that would require approval from their respective provincial governments. For national security reasons, permanent residents also cannot hold jobs in both the public or private sectors that require a high-level security clearance.

is fort walton beach the same as destin Destin–Fort Walton Beach Airport -- Destin--Fort Walton Beach Airport (IATA: VPS, ICAO: KVPS, FAA LID: VPS) is an airport located within Eglin Air Force Base, near Destin and Fort Walton Beach in Okaloosa County, Florida. No private aircraft are allowed, so Destin Executive Airport is used instead for non-commercial operations by general aviation and business aircraft. The airport was previously named Northwest Florida Regional Airport until February 17, 2015 and Okaloosa Regional Airport until September 2008.

is i-94 a toll road in michigan Interstate 94 in Michigan -- The first segment of what later became I-94 within the state, the Willow Run Expressway, was built near Ypsilanti and Belleville in 1941, with an easterly extension to Detroit in 1945. This expressway was initially numbered M-112. In the mid-1950s, state and federal officials planned an Interstate to replace the original route of U.S. Highway 12 (US 12). By 1960, the length of I-94 was completed from Detroit to New Buffalo. Two years later, the US 12 designation was dropped from the freeway. Subsequent extensions in the 1960s completed most of the rest of the route, including the remaining sections between Detroit and Port Huron which superseded the routing of US 25. The last segment opened to the public in 1972 when Indiana completed its connection across the state line. Since completion, I-94 has remained relatively unchanged; a few interchanges have been rebuilt, a second span was constructed for the Blue Water Bridge, and in 1987, a plane crashed on the freeway during take off from the airport in Detroit. The routing of I-94 is notable for containing the first full freeway-to-freeway interchange in the United States, connecting to the Lodge Freeway (M-10), and for comprising the first complete border-to-border toll-free freeway in a state in the United States. The highway has one auxiliary route, I-194, which serves downtown Battle Creek, and eight business routes. Various segments have been dedicated to multiple people and places.

can we have more than 9 supreme court justices Supreme Court of the United States -- In 1866, at the behest of Chief Justice Chase, Congress passed an act providing that the next three justices to retire would not be replaced, which would thin the bench to seven justices by attrition. Consequently, one seat was removed in 1866 and a second in 1867. In 1869, however, the Circuit Judges Act returned the number of justices to nine, where it has since remained.

is american college of education accredited in new york American College of Education -- American College of Education is a regionally accredited, online college based in Indianapolis, Indiana, delivering online master's, doctorate and specialist degree programs, a bachelor's degree completion program, and graduate-level certificates in Education, Healthcare, and Nursing.

does a meme have to have a picture Internet meme -- An Internet meme (/miːm/ MEEM) is an activity, concept, catchphrase, or piece of media that spreads, often as mimicry or for humorous purposes, from person to person via the Internet. An Internet meme may take the form of an image (typically an image macro), hyperlink, video, website, or hashtag. It may be just a word or phrase, sometimes including an intentional misspelling. These small movements tend to spread from person to person via social networks, blogs, direct email, or news sources. They may relate to various existing Internet cultures or subcultures, often created or spread on various websites, or by Usenet boards and other such early-Internet communications facilities. Fads and sensations tend to grow rapidly on the Internet because the instant communication facilitates word-of-mouth transmission. Some examples include posting a photo of people lying down in public places (called ``planking'') and uploading a short video of people dancing to the Harlem Shake.

can you get eaten by a whale shark Whale shark -- The whale shark is found in open waters of the tropical oceans and is rarely found in water below 21 °C (70 °F). Modeling suggests a lifespan of about 70 years, but measurements have proven difficult. Whale sharks have very large mouths and are filter feeders, which is a feeding mode that occurs in only two other sharks, the megamouth shark and the basking shark. They feed almost exclusively on plankton and are not known to pose a threat to humans.

is america the only country with an electoral college Electoral college -- Other countries with electoral college systems include Burundi, Estonia, Kazakhstan, Madagascar, Myanmar, Pakistan, Trinidad and Tobago and Vanuatu. Both the French Senate and the Seanad Éireann (Senate) in Ireland are chosen by electoral colleges. Within China, both Macau and Hong Kong each have an Election Committee which functions as an electoral college for selecting the Chief Executive and formerly (in the case of Hong Kong) for selecting some of the seats of the Legislative Council.

did the american health care act pass the senate American Health Care Act of 2017 -- On July 28, 2017, the bill was returned to the calendar after the Senate rejected several amendments, including S.Amdt. 667, the ``Skinny Repeal'' package offered by Sen. Mitch McConnell, which failed on a 49--51 vote. Sens. John McCain, Susan Collins, and Lisa Murkowski were the only Republicans to vote against the measure.

is house of the rising sun about vietnam The House of the Rising Sun -- ``The House of the Rising Sun'' is a traditional folk song, sometimes called ``Rising Sun Blues''. It tells of a life gone wrong in New Orleans; many versions also urge a sibling to avoid the same fate. The most successful commercial version, recorded in 1964 by British rock group the Animals, was a number one hit on the UK Singles Chart and also in the United States and France. As a traditional folk song recorded by an electric rock band, it has been described as the ``first folk rock hit''.

is the book of deuteronomy in the new testament Book of Deuteronomy -- The Book of Deuteronomy (literally ``second law,'' from Greek deuteros + nomos) is the fifth book of the Torah, where it is called the ``Book of Devarim'' (Heb. ספר דברים), and the Christian Old Testament.

were greece and rome around at the same time Greece in the Roman era -- Greece in the Roman era describes the period of Greek history when it was dominated by the Roman republic, the Roman Empire and the Byzantine Empire (collectively, the Roman era). It began with the Roman victory over the Corinthians, at the Battle of Corinth (146 BC). It continued with the adoption of the city of Byzantium by the Emperor Constantine the Great as the capital of the Roman Empire (as Nova Roma, later Constantinople) in AD 330. After this date, the Eastern Empire became largely Greek speaking.

are £2 coins going out of circulation Two pounds (British coin) -- The coin was introduced on 15 June 1998 (coins minted 1997) after a review of the United Kingdom's coinage decided that a general-circulation £2 coin was needed. The new Bi-metallic coin design replaced a series of commemorative, uni-metallic coins which were issued between 1986 and 1996 to celebrate special occasions. Although legal tender, these coins have never been common in everyday circulation.

is mycosis fungoides caused by a fungal infection Mycosis fungoides -- Mycosis fungoides was first described in 1806 by French dermatologist Jean-Louis-Marc Alibert. The name mycosis fungoides is very misleading--it loosely means ``mushroom-like fungal disease''. The disease, however, is not a fungal infection but rather a type of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It was so named because Alibert described the skin tumors of a severe case as having a mushroom-like appearance.

did glenn die in the walking dead season 6 Glenn Rhee -- In the seventh season premiere, ``The Day Will Come When You Won't Be'', Abraham is revealed to be Negan's chosen victim; Negan brutally beats him to death with Lucille as the rest of the group watches, horrified. When Daryl strikes Negan in the face, Negan declares that he will need to kill someone else as punishment. He then strikes Glenn with Lucille. After two blows to the head, Glenn sits up, severely brain damaged with a dislocated eye, and mutters ``Maggie, I'll find you'', before Negan repeatedly bludgeons Glenn's skull into a bloody pulp.

is salt water taffy made with ocean water Salt water taffy -- Salt water taffy is composed of sugar, cornstarch, corn syrup, glycerine, water, butter, salt, natural and/or artificial flavor, and food color. Some examples of flavoring include vanilla, lemon, maple, banana, red licorice, watermelon, raspberry or mint extracts. Despite its name, the taffy contains no salt water (seawater), but does contain both salt and water.

does steph curry have an olympic gold medal Stephen Curry -- Curry's first experience with the United States national team came at the 2007 FIBA Under-19 World Championship, where he helped Team USA capture the silver medal. In 2010, he was selected to the senior squad, playing limited minutes at the 2010 FIBA World Championship (known later as FIBA Basketball World Cup) as the United States won the gold medal in an undefeated tournament. In 2014, he took on a larger role with the team, helping them to another undefeated tournament at the 2014 World Cup and scoring 10 points in the final game. On June 6, 2016, Curry withdrew from consideration for the 2016 Olympics in Brazil, citing ankle and knee ailments as the major reason behind the decision.

is a 38 special bigger than a 357 .357 Magnum -- Though .38 and .357 would seem to be different diameter chamberings, they are in fact identical, as 0.357 inches (9.07 mm) is the bullet diameter of the .38 Special cartridge. The .38 Special nomenclature relates to the previous use of heeled bullets (such as the .38 Short Colt), which were the same diameter as the case. The only external dimensional difference between .38 special and .357 magnum is the difference in case length; this was done to prevent accidentally loading a .357 magnum cartridge in to a .38 special revolver which isn't designed for the .357 magnum's higher chamber pressure. Case volume was not a factor in the increase in case length as the .38 Special cartridge was originally a black powder cartridge, and the .357 magnum was developed using only much denser smokeless powder.

is pyruvic acid and pyruvate the same thing Pyruvic acid -- Pyruvic acid (CHCOCOOH) is the simplest of the alpha-keto acids, with a carboxylic acid and a ketone functional group. Pyruvate (/paɪˈruːveɪt/), the conjugate base, CHCOCOO, is a key intermediate in several metabolic pathways.

is oasis of the seas the largest cruise ship Oasis-class cruise ship -- The Oasis class is a class of Royal Caribbean International cruise ships which are the world's largest passenger ships. The first two ships in the class, Oasis of the Seas and Allure of the Seas, were delivered respectively in 2009 and 2010 by STX Europe Turku Shipyard, Finland. A third Oasis class vessel, Harmony of the Seas, was delivered in 2016 built by STX France, and a fourth vessel, MS Symphony of the Seas, was completed in March 2018. One additional unnamed ship is currently under construction and is expected to be delivered in 2021. The first two ships in the class Oasis of the Seas and Allure of the Seas are slightly exceeded in size by the third ship Harmony of the Seas, while the Symphony of the Seas is the world's largest cruise ship. The fifth ship, due to be completed in Spring 2021, is planned to be larger than the Symphony of the Seas.

do long island iced teas have tea in them Long Island Iced Tea -- A Long Island Iced Tea is a type of alcoholic mixed drink typically made with vodka, tequila, light rum, triple sec, gin, and a splash of cola, which gives the drink the same amber hue as its namesake. A popular version mixes equal parts vodka, gin, rum, triple sec, with ​1 ⁄ parts sour mix and a splash of cola. Lastly, it is decorated with the lemon and straw, after stirring with bar spoon smoothly.

do owen and cristina get back together season 10 Grey's Anatomy (season 10) -- The season mainly focuses on the relationship between the show's protagonist Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and ``her person'' Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh) as both follow different paths relating their careers straining their relationship. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) and Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez) having separated from her wife Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw) teamed up with the White House to work on a brain mapping project. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) was on a project mapping out the human genome. Yang and Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) gradually take their relationship from complicated and painful to a place of real friendship. April Kepner (Sarah Drew) and Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams) elope during Kepner and paramedic Matthew's (Justin Bruening) wedding. Yang takes off to Switzerland for a job offer to take over Preston Burke's (Isaiah Washington) hospital because he wants to step down and move his family. She bids her farewell to her colleagues of the last seven years, including Hunt and dances it out with Meredith one last time to an old favorite song.

is surgical spirit and rubbing alcohol the same thing Rubbing alcohol -- The United States Pharmacopeia defines 'isopropyl rubbing alcohol USP' as containing approximately 70 percent by volume of pure isopropyl alcohol and defines 'rubbing alcohol USP' as containing approximately 70 percent by volume of denatured alcohol. In Ireland and the UK, the comparable preparation is surgical spirit B.P., which the British Pharmacopoeia defines as 95% methylated spirit, 2.5% castor oil, 2% diethyl phthalate, and 0.5% methyl salicylate. Under its alternative name of ``wintergreen oil'', methyl salicylate is a common additive to North American rubbing alcohol products. Individual manufacturers are permitted to use their own formulation standards in which the ethanol content for retail bottles of rubbing alcohol is labeled as and ranges from 70-99% v/v.

do indian passport holder need visa for indonesia Visa requirements for Indian citizens -- The requirement for a visa was removed by Indonesia and Ukraine in July 2017, Qatar in August 2017, Serbia in September 2017, Tunisia in October 2017. Visa free status was granted to parts of the Russian Far East: Primorye and the rest of Khabarovsk, Sakhalin, Chukotka and Kamchatka regions in 2018.

is least squares the same as linear regression Ordinary least squares -- In statistics, ordinary least squares (OLS) is a type of linear least squares method for estimating the unknown parameters in a linear regression model. OLS chooses the parameters of a linear function of a set of explanatory variables by the principle of least squares: minimizing the sum of the squares of the differences between the observed dependent variable (values of the variable being predicted) in the given dataset and those predicted by the linear function.

does the world cup trophy have a name FIFA World Cup Trophy -- The subsequent trophy, called the ``FIFA World Cup Trophy'', was introduced in 1974. Made of 18 carat gold with bands of malachite on its base, it stands 36.8 centimetres high and weighs 6.1 kilograms. The trophy was made by Stabilimento Artistico Bertoni company in Italy. It depicts two human figures holding up the Earth. The current holders of the trophy are France, winners of the 2018 World Cup.

does the commuter rail go to new hampshire List of MBTA Commuter Rail stations -- The system's routes span the eastern third of Massachusetts and the northern half of Rhode Island. They stretch from Newburyport in the north to North Kingstown, Rhode Island in the south, and reach as far west as Worcester and Fitchburg. There are plans to expand the area covered by the Commuter Rail further into Rhode Island to the south as well as into New Hampshire to the north.

is district of columbia a state in the usa Washington, D.C. -- The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that the District's population was 693,972 on July 1, 2017, a 15.3% increase since the 2010 United States Census. The increase continues a growth trend since 2000, following a half-century of population decline. The city was the 24th most populous place in the United States as of 2010. According to data from 2010, commuters from the suburbs increase the District's daytime population to over one million people. If the District were a state it would rank 49th in population, ahead of Vermont and Wyoming.

does everyone die in as above so below As Above, So Below (film) -- As she races back to the tomb, she finds a hanged man, whom she recognizes as her father. She apologizes to him for not answering the phone the night that he killed himself. She then returns to the tomb, where she finds a polished mirror that makes her realize that she possesses the magical abilities of the philosopher's stone. Scarlett returns to George and heals him with a kiss. She then explains to George and Zed that the only way to escape is to admit to their torments, just as she admitted that she feels responsible for her father's suicide. George admits that he accidentally allowed his brother to drown when the pair were kids because he got lost looking for help. Zed admits that he has a son he knows is his, but chooses not to acknowledge, which explains the visions of a running boy he has been seeing during their journey. As the demons continue to chase them, the group jump down a deep hole. At the bottom, the hole above them closes and a manhole appears on the ground below. Jumping through, the group find themselves right side up on a street overlooking the Notre Dame. Scarlett and George hold each other, realizing that they are safe, while a dazed Zed walks away into the night.

does arnie die in what eating gilbert grape What's Eating Gilbert Grape -- Following Arnie's 18th birthday party, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time since her husband's suicide. Arnie later tries to wake her but discovers that she has died. The children, not willing to let their mother become the joke of the town by having her corpse lifted from the house by crane, empty their family home of possessions and set it on fire. A year later, Gilbert describes what happened to his family after his mother's death, as Gilbert and his brother Arnie wait by the side of a road for Becky, who arrives with her grandmother, and picks them up.

is it normal for your second toe to be longer than your first Morton's toe -- The most common symptom experienced due to Morton's toe is callusing and/or discomfort of the ball of the foot at the base of the second toe. The first metatarsal head would normally bear the majority of a person's body weight during the propulsive phases of gait, but because the second metatarsal head is farthest forward, the force is transferred there. Pain may also be felt in the arch of the foot, at the ankleward end of the first and second metatarsals.

is county court the same as magistrates court Courts of England and Wales -- The Court of Appeal, the High Court, the Crown Court, the County Court, and the magistrates' courts are administered by Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service, an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice.

is infinity war going to be a trilogy Avengers: Infinity War -- Avengers: Infinity War held its world premiere on April 23, 2018 in Los Angeles and was released in the United States on April 27, 2018, in IMAX and 3D. The film received praise for the performances of the cast (particularly Brolin's) and the emotional weight of the story, as well as the visual effects and action sequences. It was the fourth film and the first superhero film to gross over $2 billion worldwide, breaking numerous records and becoming the highest-grossing film of 2018, as well as the fourth-highest-grossing film of all time and in the United States and Canada. The currently untitled sequel is set to be released on May 3, 2019.

is the tv show taken still on the air Taken (TV series) -- Taken is a crime drama series based on the film trilogy of the same name. The series acts as a modern-day origin story. Clive Standen stars as a younger version of Bryan Mills, the character played by Liam Neeson in the trilogy. The series was commissioned with a straight-to-series-order in September 2015. The series premiered on February 27, 2017, on NBC. NBC renewed the series for a second season of 16 episodes on May 9, 2017, which premiered on January 12, 2018. NBC removed the series from its schedule on April 18, 2018, and then announced that it would return on May 26, 2018. NBC canceled the series on May 11, 2018 and the final episode aired on June 30.

does barney die in how i met your mother Barney Stinson -- The final season revolves around Barney and Robin's wedding weekend. After some apprehension on both their parts, they get married in ``The End of the Aisle'' after he vows to always be honest with her. The series finale, ``Last Forever'', reveals that, three years after their wedding, they get divorced because Robin's hectic travel schedule prevents them from spending any time together. Barney returns to a lifestyle of meaningless sex with multiple women for several years afterward, until he gets one of his one-night stands pregnant. He hates the idea of being a father until the day his child -- a girl named Ellie -- is born. He falls in love with her at first sight and becomes a devoted father, turning away from his player lifestyle for good.

is a porpoise and a dolphin the same animal Porpoise -- Porpoises are a group of fully aquatic marine mammals that are sometimes referred to as mereswine, all of which are classified under the family Phocoenidae, parvorder Odontoceti (toothed whales). There are seven extant species of porpoise. They are small toothed whales that are very closely related to oceanic dolphins. The most obvious visible difference between the two groups is that porpoises have shorter beaks and flattened, spade-shaped teeth distinct from the conical teeth of dolphins. Porpoises, and other cetaceans, belong to the clade Cetartiodactyla with even-toed ungulates, and their closest living relatives are the hippopotamuses, having diverged from them about 40 million years ago.

are only commercial banks subject to​ runs Bank run -- Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz argued that steady withdrawals from banks by nervous depositors (``hoarding'') were inspired by news of the fall 1930 bank runs and forced banks to liquidate loans, which directly caused a decrease in the money supply, shrinking the economy. Bank runs continued to plague the United States for the next several years. Citywide runs hit Boston (Dec. 1931), Chicago (June 1931 and June 1932), Toledo (June 1931), and St. Louis (Jan. 1933), among others. Institutions put into place during the Depression have prevented runs on U.S. commercial banks since the 1930s, even under conditions such as the U.S. savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s.

does christina yang die in season 10 episode 24 Cristina Yang -- At the end of season 10, she says goodbye to her fellow co-workers she has come to know and love including Owen and Meredith. Cristina and Meredith share special moments together reminiscing about all the horrors they went through and dancing it out one last time. Cristina leaves for Zurich with surgical intern Shane Ross, who chooses to leave in order to study under her in Switzerland.

can carbon 14 dating be used to detect the age of a live animal Radiocarbon dating -- The method was developed in the late 1940s by Willard Libby, who received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in 1960. It is based on the fact that radiocarbon ( C) is constantly being created in the atmosphere by the interaction of cosmic rays with atmospheric nitrogen. The resulting C combines with atmospheric oxygen to form radioactive carbon dioxide, which is incorporated into plants by photosynthesis; animals then acquire C by eating the plants. When the animal or plant dies, it stops exchanging carbon with its environment, and from that point onwards the amount of C it contains begins to decrease as the C undergoes radioactive decay. Measuring the amount of C in a sample from a dead plant or animal such as a piece of wood or a fragment of bone provides information that can be used to calculate when the animal or plant died. The older a sample is, the less C there is to be detected, and because the half-life of C (the period of time after which half of a given sample will have decayed) is about 5,730 years, the oldest dates that can be reliably measured by this process date to around 50,000 years ago, although special preparation methods occasionally permit accurate analysis of older samples.

can you breed a rabbit and a cat Cabbit -- A cabbit is a fictional hybrid between a cat and a rabbit. They have appeared in fiction and fantasy stories including Japanese anime and manga, and have also been dubiously purported to have been observed in the wild. Most if not all observations are attributable to either misidentified Manx cats or outright hoaxes.

is there a difference between sweating and perspiring Perspiration -- Perspiration, also known as sweating, is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals.

is vauxhall station in zone 1 or 2 Vauxhall station -- Vauxhall (/ˈvɒksɔːl/, VOK-sawl) is a National Rail, London Underground and London Buses interchange station in central London. It is at the Vauxhall Cross road junction opposite the southern approach to Vauxhall Bridge over the River Thames in the district of Vauxhall. The station is on the boundary of zones 1 and 2 of the London Travelcard area and, although a through station, it is classed as a central London terminus for ticketing purposes.

is state bank of india and bank of india same Bank of India -- Bank of India (BoI) is commercial bank with headquarters at Bandra Kurla complex, Mumbai. Founded in 1906, it has been government-owned since nationalisation in 1969. Bank of India has 5100 branches as on 31 January 2017, including 56 offices outside India, which includes five subsidiaries, five representative offices, and one joint venture. BoI is a founder member of SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Inter Bank Financial Telecommunications), which facilitates provision of cost-effective financialprocessing and communication services.

has brazil ever been eliminated in the group stage Brazil at the FIFA World Cup -- Brazil is the most successful national team in the history of the World Cup, having won five titles, earning second-place, third-place and fourth-place finishes twice each. Brazil is one of the countries besides Argentina, Spain and Germany to win a FIFA World Cup away from its continent (Sweden 1958, Mexico 1970, USA 1994 and South Korea/Japan 2002). Brazil is the only national team to have played in all FIFA World Cup editions without any absence or need for playoffs. Brazil also has the best overall performance in World Cup history in both proportional and absolute terms with a record of 73 victories in 109 matches played, 124 goal difference, 237 points and only 18 losses.

is nuclear power the same as nuclear energy Nuclear power -- Nuclear power is the use of nuclear reactions that release nuclear energy to generate heat, which most frequently is then used in steam turbines to produce electricity in a nuclear power plant. Nuclear power can be obtained from nuclear fission, nuclear decay and nuclear fusion. Presently, the vast majority of electricity from nuclear power is produced by nuclear fission of elements in the actinide series of the periodic table. Nuclear decay processes are used in niche applications such as radioisotope thermoelectric generators. The possibility of generating electricity from nuclear fusion is still at a research phase with no commercial applications. This article mostly deals with nuclear fission power for electricity generation.

did top gear build a bridge over the river kwai Top Gear controversies -- The Top Gear presenters go across Burma and Thailand in lorries with the goal of building a bridge over the river Kwai. After building a bridge over the Kok River, Clarkson is quoted as saying ``That is a proud moment, but there's a slope on it.'' as a native crosses the bridge, 'slope' being a pejorative for Asians.

was there a world war before world war 1 World war -- A world war is a large-scale war involving many of the countries of the world or many of the most powerful and populous ones. World wars span multiple countries on multiple continents, with battles fought in many theaters. While a variety of global conflicts have been subjectively deemed ``world wars'', such as the Cold War and the War on Terror, the term is widely and generally accepted only as it is retrospectively applied to two major international conflicts that occurred during the 20th century: World War I (1914--1918) and World War II (1939--1945).

is the cat part of the chinese zodiac Cat (zodiac) -- The Cat is the fourth animal symbol in the 12-year cycle of the Vietnamese zodiac and Gurung zodiac, taking place of the Rabbit in the Chinese zodiac. As such, the traits associated with the Rabbit are attributed to the cat. Cats are in conflict with the Rat.

can congress pass a law to make an action criminal after it is committed Ex post facto law -- Some common-law jurisdictions do not permit retroactive criminal legislation, though new precedent generally applies to events that occurred before the judicial decision. Ex post facto laws are expressly forbidden by the United States Constitution in Article 1, Section 9, Clause 3 (with respect to federal laws) and Article 1, Section 10 (with respect to state laws). In some nations that follow the Westminster system of government, such as the United Kingdom, ex post facto laws are technically possible, because the doctrine of parliamentary supremacy allows Parliament to pass any law it wishes. In a nation with an entrenched bill of rights or a written constitution, ex post facto legislation may be prohibited.

does the crew 2 have a story line The Crew 2 -- The game features a nonlinear story, that follows the unnamed player character as they go to become a racing icon in the United States by winning in all racing disciplines available in the game. There are four disciplines: Street Racing, Off Road, Freestyle and Pro Racing. In Street Racing, the player is assisted by Latrell. In Off Road, the player is assisted by Tucker ``Tuck'' Morgan. In Freestyle, the player is assisted by Sofia and her father. In Pro Racing, the player is assisted by Alexis.

is a certified copy the same as an original uk Certified copy -- A certified copy is a copy (often a photocopy) of a primary document that has on it an endorsement or certificate that it is a true copy of the primary document. It does not certify that the primary document is genuine, only that it is a true copy of the primary document.

can quantum entanglement transfer information faster than light Faster-than-light communication -- However, it is now well understood that quantum entanglement does not allow any influence or information to propagate superluminally. Technically, the microscopic causality postulate of axiomatic quantum field theory implies the impossibility of superluminal communication using any phenomena whose behavior can be described by orthodox quantum field theory. A special case of this is the no-communication theorem, which prevents communication using the quantum entanglement of a composite system shared between two spacelike-separated observers. Some authors have argued that using the no-communication theorem to deduce the impossibility of superluminal communication is circular, since the no-communication theorem assumes that the system is composite.

is roller coaster tycoon world available for mac RollerCoaster Tycoon World -- RollerCoaster Tycoon World is a theme park construction and management simulation video game developed by Nvizzio Creations and published by Atari for Microsoft Windows. It is the fourth major installment in the RollerCoaster Tycoon series. The game was released on November 16, 2016.

is liquid nitrogen the same as dry ice Dry ice -- It is occasionally used to freeze and remove warts. However, liquid nitrogen performs better in this role, since it is colder so requires less time to act, and less pressure. Dry ice has fewer problems with storage, since it can be generated from compressed carbon dioxide gas as needed.

was the bill of rights in the constitution United States Bill of Rights -- The Bill of Rights is the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution. Proposed following the often bitter 1787--88 battle over ratification of the U.S. Constitution, and crafted to address the objections raised by Anti-Federalists, the Bill of Rights amendments add to the Constitution specific guarantees of personal freedoms and rights, clear limitations on the government's power in judicial and other proceedings, and explicit declarations that all powers not specifically delegated to Congress by the Constitution are reserved for the states or the people. The concepts codified in these amendments are built upon those found in several earlier documents, including the Virginia Declaration of Rights and the English Bill of Rights, along with earlier documents such as Magna Carta (1215). In practice, the amendments had little impact on judgments by the courts for the first 150 years after ratification.

are the falkland islands part of the commonwealth British Overseas Territories -- As of April 2018 the Minister responsible for the Territories excluding the Falkland Islands, Gibraltar and the Sovereign Base Areas is Tariq Ahmad, Minister of State for the Commonwealth and the UN. The other three territories are the responsibility of Sir Alan Duncan MP, Minister of State for Europe and the Americas.

was michigan a state during the civil war Michigan in the American Civil War -- Before the Civil War, President James Buchanan took a weak position amid a looming South secession crisis. Secretary of State Lewis Cass of Michigan, a 78-year-old elder statesman who has been Michigan's U.S. senator and governor of Michigan Territory, resigned from Buchanan's cabinet in protest, remarking that ``he had seen the Constitution born and now feared he was seeing it die''.

has any major league baseball team gone undefeated List of Major League Baseball longest winning streaks -- The 1916 New York Giants hold the record for the longest unbeaten streak in MLB history at 26, with a tie in-between the 14th and 15th win. The record for the longest winning streak by an American League team is held by the 2017 Cleveland Indians at 22. The Chicago Cubs franchise has won 21 games twice, once in 1880 when they were the Chicago White Stockings and once in 1935.

is the strangers prey at night a remake The Strangers: Prey at Night -- The Strangers: Prey at Night is a 2018 American slasher film directed by Johannes Roberts and starring Christina Hendricks, Martin Henderson, Bailee Madison and Lewis Pullman. A sequel to the 2008 film The Strangers, it is written by Bryan Bertino (who wrote and directed the first film) and Ben Ketai. Mike and his wife Cindy take their son and daughter on a road trip that becomes their worst nightmare. The family members soon find themselves in a desperate fight for survival when they arrive at a secluded mobile home park that's mysteriously deserted -- until three masked psychopaths show up to satisfy their thirst for blood.

can a person have dual citizenship in india Indian nationality law -- Article 9 of Indian Constitution says that a person who voluntarily acquires citizenship of any other country is no longer an Indian citizen. Also, according to The Passports Act, a person has to surrender his/her Indian passport and voter card and other Indian ID cards must not be used after another country's citizenship is obtained. It is a punishable offence if the person fails to surrender the passport.

are there any sam's clubs in canada Sam's Club -- There were also Sam's Club locations in Canada, six located in Ontario, in which the last location closed in 2009.

is discretionary income the same as disposable income Disposable and discretionary income -- Discretionary income is disposable income (after-tax income), minus all payments that are necessary to meet current bills. It is total personal income after subtracting taxes and minimal survival expenses (such as food, medicine, rent or mortgage, utilities, insurance, transportation, property maintenance, child support, etc.) to maintain a certain standard of living. It is the amount of an individual's income available for spending after the essentials have been taken care of:

does your signiture have to be your name Signature -- A signature (/ˈsɪɡnətʃər/; from Latin: signare, ``to sign'') is a handwritten (and often stylized) depiction of someone's name, nickname, or even a simple ``X'' or other mark that a person writes on documents as a proof of identity and intent. The writer of a signature is a signatory or signer. Similar to a handwritten signature, a signature work describes the work as readily identifying its creator. A signature may be confused with an autograph, which is chiefly an artistic signature. This can lead to confusion when people have both an autograph and signature and as such some people in the public eye keep their signatures private whilst fully publishing their autograph.

can a filibuster take place in the house Filibuster -- In the United States House of Representatives, the filibuster (the right to unlimited debate) was used until 1842, when a permanent rule limiting the duration of debate was created. The disappearing quorum was a tactic used by the minority until Speaker Thomas Brackett Reed eliminated it in 1890. As the membership of the House grew much larger than the Senate, the House had acted earlier to control floor debate and the delay and blocking of floor votes. On February 7, 2018, Nancy Pelosi set a record for the longest speech on the House floor (8 hours and 7 minutes), in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.

is the isle of man a part of great britain Isle of Man -- In 1266, the island became part of Scotland under the Treaty of Perth, after being ruled by Norway. After a period of alternating rule by the kings of Scotland and England, the island came under the feudal lordship of the English Crown in 1399. The lordship revested into the British Crown in 1765, but the island never became part of the 18th-century Kingdom of Great Britain or its successors the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the present-day United Kingdom: it retained its status as an internally self-governing Crown dependency.

is 1 a prime factor of every number Table of prime factors -- The number 1 is called a unit. It has no prime factors and is neither prime nor composite.

is there a gulf stream in the pacific Kuroshio Current -- It begins off the east coast of Luzon, Philippines, Taiwan and flows northeastward past Japan, where it merges with the easterly drift of the North Pacific Current. It is analogous to the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean, transporting warm, tropical water northward toward the polar region. It is sometimes known as the Black Stream -- the English translation of kuroshio and an allusion to the deep blue of its water -- and also as the ``Japan Current'' (日本海流, Nihon Kairyū).

do eu citizens have indefinite leave to remain Indefinite leave to remain -- Citizens of countries in the European Economic Area (other than British and Irish citizens) and Swiss citizens obtain permanent residence status automatically after five years' residence in the United Kingdom exercising Treaty rights rather than ILR. The rights of EEA citizens are not governed by UK Immigration Regulations but rather the EEA Regulations.

is it safe to swim in brisbane river Brisbane River -- Environmentally, the river is in a poor condition and has been so for many years. In 2000, the Brisbane River estuary did not meet the national guidelines for environmental standards. The lower reaches received a very poor rating in the 2008 Healthy Waterways report, an annual assessment of river water quality. The major causes of pollution are excess nutrients, hydrocarbons, pesticides and bacteria which become concentrated in the river and its sediment after flowing off surrounding lands. The river is also considered too murky and it is not recommended to swim in its waters.

is the movie vertical limit a true story Vertical Limit -- Vertical Limit is a 2000 American survival thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and written by Robert King. The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Bill Paxton, Robin Tunney, and Scott Glenn. The film was released on December 8, 2000 in the United States by Columbia Pictures, receiving mixed reviews from critics and grossing $215 million worldwide.

is a pentagon made of 5 equilateral triangles Equilateral pentagon -- When the equilateral pentagon is dissected into triangles, two of them appear as isosceles (triangles in orange and blue) while the other one is more general (triangle in green). We assume that we are given the adjacent angles α (\displaystyle \alpha ) and β (\displaystyle \beta ) .

is there a main group element in period 6 Main-group element -- In chemistry and atomic physics, the main group is the group of elements whose lightest members are represented by helium, lithium, beryllium, boron, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and fluorine as arranged in the periodic table of the elements. The main group includes the elements (except hydrogen, which is sometimes not included) in groups 1 and 2 (s-block), and groups 13 to 18 (p-block). The s-block elements are primarily characterised by one main oxidation state, and the p-block elements, when they have multiple oxidation states, often have common oxidation states separated by two units.

is air canada rouge the same as air canada Air Canada Rouge -- Air Canada Rouge, is a low-cost airline and subsidiary of Air Canada. Air Canada Rouge is fully integrated into the Air Canada mainline and Air Canada Express networks; flights are sold with AC flight numbers but are listed as ``operated by Air Canada Rouge'' (similar to regional flights operated under the Air Canada Express banner). Rouge means ``red'' in French.

is sudan and south sudan the same country South Sudan -- South Sudan (/suːˈdæn, -ˈdɑːn/ ( listen)), officially known as the Republic of South Sudan, is a landlocked country in East-Central Africa. The country gained its independence from the Republic of the Sudan in 2011, making it the newest country with widespread recognition. Its capital and largest city is Juba.

is there a state income tax in louisiana State income tax -- The rest of the century balanced new taxes with abolitions: Delaware levied a tax on several classes of income in 1869, then abolished it in 1871; Tennessee instituted a tax on dividends and bond interest in 1883, but Kinsman reports that by 1903 it had produced zero actual revenue; Alabama abolished its income tax in 1884; South Carolina instituted a new one in 1897 (eventually abolished in 1918); and Louisiana abolished its income tax in 1899.

is there a sequel to the journey to the mysterious island Journey 2: The Mysterious Island -- In August 2014, it was announced that Carey Hayes and Chad Hayes are writing the script for a third film. In 2015, it was announced that Brad Peyton and Dwayne Johnson would return to direct and star in the sequel, respectively. It was later announced that there would be two sequels. In January 2018, Johnson stated that although a third Journey film, titled Journey from the Earth to the Moon, was intended, it's development had been cancelled due to a lack of immediate interest and troubles in adapting the novel.

does the mississippi river flow into the pacific ocean Missouri River -- In May 1673, the French explorers Louis Jolliet and Jacques Marquette left the settlement of St. Ignace on Lake Huron and traveled down the Wisconsin and Mississippi Rivers, aiming to reach the Pacific Ocean. In late June, Jolliet and Marquette became the first documented European discoverers of the Missouri River, which according to their journals was in full flood. ``I never saw anything more terrific,'' Jolliet wrote, ``a tangle of entire trees from the mouth of the Pekistanoui (Missouri) with such impetuosity that one could not attempt to cross it without great danger. The commotion was such that the water was made muddy by it and could not clear itself.'' They recorded Pekitanoui or Pekistanoui as the local name for the Missouri. However, the party never explored the Missouri beyond its mouth, nor did they linger in the area. In addition, they later learned that the Mississippi drained into the Gulf of Mexico and not the Pacific as they had originally presumed; the expedition turned back about 440 miles (710 km) short of the Gulf at the confluence of the Arkansas River with the Mississippi.

is there such a place as crabapple cove maine M*A*S*H Goes to Maine -- Pierce's home, ``Port Waldo'', is (real-life) Waldoboro, Maine, and the FinestKind Clinic is just up U.S. Route 1 in Rockland. ``Crabapple Cove'' is actually Broad Cove, in Bremen just down the Medomak River from Waldoboro Village. Author Richard Hooker (Hornberger) owned an old farmhouse on Heath Point. The reader will note Wreck Island, Thief Island, and other Muscongus Bay landmarks in the book. It is possible that the Pierce family is modeled after the (real-life) Spear family, who had a number of different branches in the area, in the 1950s.

does the drinking age vary from state to state U.S. history of alcohol minimum purchase age by state -- From 1976 to 1983, several states voluntarily raised their purchase ages to 19 (or, less commonly, 20 or 21), in part to combat drunk driving fatalities. In 1984, Congress passed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act, which required states to raise their ages for purchase and public possession to 21 by October 1986 or lose 10% of their federal highway funds. By mid-1988, all 50 states and the District of Columbia had raised their purchase ages to 21 (but not Puerto Rico, Guam, or the Virgin Islands, see Additional Notes below). South Dakota and Wyoming were the final two states to comply with the age 21 mandate. The current drinking age of 21 remains a point of contention among many Americans, because of it being higher than the age of majority (18 in most states) and higher than the drinking ages of most other countries. The National Minimum Drinking Age Act is also seen as a congressional sidestep of the tenth amendment. Although debates have not been highly publicized, a few states have proposed legislation to lower their drinking age, while Guam has raised its drinking age to 21 in July 2010.

can i wear state awards on active duty Awards and decorations of the National Guard -- Those National Guard soldiers and airmen who subsequently serve in the active or reserve federal forces of the United States Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, or United States Air Force (i.e., as active duty or reserve members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard) may not continue to wear and display such decorations on a military uniform, unless such activation is under Title 32 status. Active duty regulations allow federal soldiers, airmen, sailors and marines to accept but not to wear state awards.

is the movie the covenant based on a book The Covenant (film) -- Despite a popular misconception, The Covenant is not based on a comic book title nor on any other book. The confusion comes from the fact that Sony released a comic book of the same name, written by Aron Coleite, and created for the purposes of promoting the film. Neither the authors of the comic-book miniseries nor Top Cow Comics are mentioned in the films' credit sequences, so the comic-book miniseries is not regarded as source material by The Covenant's producers. In fact, the film originated from a spec script, and went through a number of drafts, by different writers, before J.S. Cardone eventually submitted the final draft. Cardone received sole screenwriting credit.

is royal caribbean cruise line owned by carnival Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. -- Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is an American global cruise company incorporated in Liberia and based in Miami, Florida. It is the world's second-largest cruise line operator, after Carnival Corporation & plc. As of March 2009, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. fully owns three cruise lines: Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, and Azamara Club Cruises. They also hold a 67% stake in Silversea Cruises, a 50% stake in TUI Cruises and 49% stakes in Pullmantur Cruises and CDF Croisières de France. Previously Royal Caribbean Cruises also owned 50% of Island Cruises, but this was sold to TUI Travel PLC in October 2008.

has a woman ever won the indianapolis 500 List of female Indianapolis 500 drivers -- This is a list of female motor racing drivers who have entered an Indianapolis 500 race. Ten women racing drivers have officially entered at least once, with Janet Guthrie being the first. Sarah Fisher has the most career starts with nine, and Danica Patrick has the best result with a third place in 2009. Lyn St. James, Patrick, and Simona de Silvestro have all won the Rookie of the Year Award.

is there a difference between lightning bugs and fireflies Firefly -- The Lampyridae are a family of insects in the beetle order Coleoptera. They are winged beetles, commonly called fireflies or lightning bugs for their conspicuous use of bioluminescence during twilight to attract mates or prey. Fireflies produce a ``cold light'', with no infrared or ultraviolet frequencies. This chemically produced light from the lower abdomen may be yellow, green, or pale red, with wavelengths from 510 to 670 nanometers. The eastern US is home to the species Phausis reticulata, which emits a steady blue light.

was nova scotia part of the 13 colonies History of Nova Scotia -- The American Revolution (1776--1783) had a significant impact on shaping Nova Scotia. At the beginning, there was ambivalence in Nova Scotia, ``the 14th American Colony'' as some called it, over whether the colony should join the Americans in the war against Britain. A small number of Nova Scotians went south to serve with the Continental Army against the British; upon the completion of the war these supporters were granted land in the Refugee Tract in Ohio.

was the battle of the alamo part of the mexican american war Battle of the Alamo -- The Battle of the Alamo (February 23 -- March 6, 1836) was a pivotal event in the Texas Revolution. Following a 13-day siege, Mexican troops under President General Antonio López de Santa Anna launched an assault on the Alamo Mission near San Antonio de Béxar (modern-day San Antonio, Texas, United States), killing the Texian defenders. Santa Anna's cruelty during the battle inspired many Texians--both Texas settlers and adventurers from the United States--to join the Texian Army. Buoyed by a desire for revenge, the Texians defeated the Mexican Army at the Battle of San Jacinto, on April 21, 1836, ending the revolution.

are the jungle and rainforest the same thing Jungle -- A jungle is land covered with dense vegetation dominated by trees. Application of the term has varied greatly during the past recent centuries. Before the 1970s, tropical rainforests were generally referred to as jungles but this terminology has fallen out of usage. Jungles in Western literature can represent a less civilised or unruly space outside the control of civilisation, attributed to the jungle's association in colonial discourse with places colonised by Europeans.

can you drink in the street in russia Drinking in public -- According to the article 20.20 of the Offences Code of Russia, drinking in a place where it is forbidden by the federal law is punishable with a fine of 500 to 1500 rubles. The article 16 of the Federal Law #171-FZ ``About the State Regulation of Production and Trade of Ethanol, Alcoholic and Ethanol-containing Products and about Restriction of Alcoholic Products Consumption (Drinking)'' forbids drinking in almost all public places (including entrance halls, staircases and elevators of living buildings) except bars, restaurants or other similar establishments where it is permitted to sell alcoholic products for immediate consumption.

does a point guard have to be tall Point guard -- Among the taller players who have enjoyed success at the position is Ben Simmons, who at 6' 10'' won the 2018 National Basketball Association Rookie of the Year Award. Behind him is Magic Johnson, who at 6' 9'' (2.06 m) won the National Basketball Association Most Valuable Player Award three times in his career. Other point guards who have been named NBA MVP include Russell Westbrook, Bob Cousy, Oscar Robertson, Allen Iverson, Derrick Rose and two-time winners Steve Nash and Stephen Curry. In the NBA, point guards are usually about 6' 3'' (1.93 m) or shorter, and average about 6' 2'' (1.88 m) whereas in the WNBA, point guards are usually 5' 9'' (1.75 m) or shorter. Having above-average size (height, muscle) is considered advantageous, although size is secondary to situational awareness, speed, quickness, and ball handling skills. Shorter players tend to be better dribblers since they are closer to the floor, and thus have better control of the ball while dribbling.

is patagonia a country in its own right Patagonia -- Patagonia (Spanish pronunciation: (pataˈɣonja)) is a sparsely populated region located at the southern end of South America, shared by Argentina and Chile. The region comprises the southern section of the Andes mountains as well as the deserts, pampas and grasslands east of this southern portion of the Andes. Patagonia has two coasts: western facing the Pacific Ocean and eastern facing the Atlantic Ocean.

is there a difference between a confidentiality agreement and a non disclosure agreement Non-disclosure agreement -- A non-disclosure agreement (NDA), also known as a confidentiality agreement (CA), confidential disclosure agreement (CDA), proprietary information agreement (PIA) or secrecy agreement (SA), is a legal contract between at least two parties that outlines confidential material, knowledge, or information that the parties wish to share with one another for certain purposes, but wish to restrict access to or by third parties. The most common forms of these are in doctor--patient confidentiality (physician--patient privilege), attorney--client privilege, priest--penitent privilege, and bank--client confidentiality agreements.

is a particle the same as a molecule Molecule -- The definition of the molecule has evolved as knowledge of the structure of molecules has increased. Earlier definitions were less precise, defining molecules as the smallest particles of pure chemical substances that still retain their composition and chemical properties. This definition often breaks down since many substances in ordinary experience, such as rocks, salts, and metals, are composed of large crystalline networks of chemically bonded atoms or ions, but are not made of discrete molecules.

is the depth of the water table always the same Water table -- The groundwater may be from precipitation or from groundwater flowing into the aquifer. In areas with sufficient precipitation, water infiltrates through pore spaces in the soil, passing through the unsaturated zone. At increasing depths, water fills in more of the pore spaces in the soils, until a zone of saturation is reached. Below the water table, in the phreatic zone (zone of saturation), layers of permeable rock that yield groundwater are called aquifers. In less permeable soils, such as tight bedrock formations and historic lakebed deposits, the water table may be more difficult to define.

is there a lake in lake hiawatha nj Lake Hiawatha, New Jersey -- The area was created when a chain of volcanic islands collided with the North American plate. The islands went over the North American plate and created the highlands of New Jersey. Then around 450 million years ago, a small continent collided with proto North America and created folding and faulting in western New Jersey and the southern Appalachians. When the African plate separated from North America, this created an aborted rift system or half-graben. The land lowered between the Ramapo fault in western Parsippany and the fault that was west of Paterson. The Wisconsin Glacier covered area from 21,000 to 13,000 BC. When the glacier melted due to climate change, Lake Passaic was formed, covering all of what is now Lake Hiawatha. Lake Passaic slowly drained and much of the area is swamps or low-lying meadows such as Troy Meadows. The Rockaway River flows over the Ramapo fault in Boonton and then flows along the northwestern edge of Lake Hiawatha. In this area, there are swamps near the river or in the area.

can a nhl playoff game end in a tie Overtime (ice hockey) -- In many leagues (including the NHL for regular-season games since the 2005--06 season) and in international competitions, a failure to reach a decision in a single overtime may lead to a shootout. Some leagues may eschew overtime periods altogether and end games in shootout should teams be tied at the end of regulation. In the ECHL, regular season overtime periods are played four on four for one five-minute period. In the Southern Professional Hockey League, regular season overtime periods are played three on three for one five-minute period, with penalties resulting in the opponents skating one additional player on ice (up to two additional players) for the penalty for the first three minutes, and a penalty shot in the final two minutes. The AHL, since the 2014--15 season, extended the overtime to seven minutes, with the last three minutes reduced further to three men aside and teams getting an additional skater for each opponent's penalty. The idea of using 3-on-3 skaters for the entirety of a five-minute overtime period for a regular season game was adopted by the NHL on June 24, 2015, for use in the 2015--16 NHL season.

is a jet engine an external combustion engine Jet engine -- In common parlance, the term jet engine loosely refers to an internal combustion airbreathing jet engine. These typically feature a rotating air compressor powered by a turbine, with the leftover power providing thrust via a propelling nozzle -- this process is known as the Brayton thermodynamic cycle. Jet aircraft use such engines for long-distance travel. Early jet aircraft used turbojet engines which were relatively inefficient for subsonic flight. Modern subsonic jet aircraft usually use more complex high-bypass turbofan engines. These engines offer high speed and greater fuel efficiency than piston and propeller aeroengines over long distances. Some jet engines optimized for high speed applications (ramjets and scramjets) use the ram effect of the vehicle's speed instead of a mechanical compressor.

is frozen ski movie based on a true story Frozen (2010 American film) -- Frozen is a 2010 American thriller-drama film written and directed by Adam Green and starring Emma Bell, Shawn Ashmore and Kevin Zegers.

did greg oden win a championship with miami Greg Oden -- On January 15, 2014, Oden made his long-awaited return to the court. In his first regular season game since December 2009, he recorded 6 points and 2 rebounds in 8 minutes of game time in a 114--97 loss to the Washington Wizards. On February 23, 2014, Oden made his first start since December 2009 in the Heat's 93--79 win over the Chicago Bulls. The Heat made the 2014 NBA Finals where they faced the San Antonio Spurs. They went on to lose the series in five games.

can you get into canada with just a drivers license American entry into Canada by land -- Canadian law requires that all persons entering Canada must carry proof of both citizenship and identity. A valid U.S. passport or passport card is preferred, although a birth certificate, naturalization certificate, citizenship certificate, or another document proving U.S. nationality, together with a government-issued photo ID (such as a driver's license) are acceptable to establish identity and nationality. However, the documents required to return to the United States can be more restrictive (for example, a birth certificate and photo ID are insufficient) -- see the section below on Return entry into the U.S.

can a catcher block home plate without the ball Blocking the plate -- In baseball, blocking the plate is a technique performed by a catcher to prevent a runner from scoring. The act of blocking the plate accounted for most of the physical contact in Major League Baseball prior to the 2014 season, when it was outlawed except when the catcher already has possession of the ball.

is ucl and university of london the same University of London -- UCL and King's College, whose campaign for a teaching university in London had resulted in the university's reconstitution as a federal institution, went even further than becoming schools of the university and were actually merged into it. UCL's merger, under the 1905 University College London (Transfer) Act, happened in 1907. The charter of 1836 was surrendered and all of UCL's property became the University of London's. King's College followed in 1910 under the 1908 King's College London (Transfer) Act. This was a slightly more complicated case, as the theological department of the college (founded in 1846) did not merge into the university but maintained a separate legal existence under King's College's 1829 charter.

can you conceal carry in louisiana without a permit Gun laws in Louisiana -- Louisiana is a ``shall issue'' state for concealed carry. The Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections shall issue a concealed handgun permit to qualified applicants, after performing an NICS background check and giving the local police 10 days to provide additional information about the applicant. An applicant must demonstrate handgun proficiency by taking a training course from an approved instructor, or by having been trained while serving in the military. Concealed carry is not permitted in any portion of the permitted area of an establishment that has been granted a class A-General retail permit, to sell alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises, or in any place of worship, government meeting place, courthouse, police station, polling place, parade, or in certain other locations.

is tissue composed of one type of cell Tissue (biology) -- In biology, tissue is a cellular organizational level between cells and a complete organ. A tissue is an ensemble of similar cells and their extracellular matrix from the same origin that together carry out a specific function. Organs are then formed by the functional grouping together of multiple tissues.

does tara die in sons of anarchy season 4 Tara Knowles -- Later Gemma comes to see her and confesses that it was Clay who wanted her dead because of the letters, which she gives to Gemma. She reveals later to Gemma that she was fully aware of her plan to have Clay killed by Jax and hide the letters that involve her and Unser, to prompt Jax to stay as President. Tara gives Jax a blood thinner to inject into Clay, who is recuperating at St. Thomas. She then tells Jax, in front of Gemma, that he will kill Clay and come get her and the boys, so they can leave Charming forever. This plan fails as Jax is forced to stay due to the influence of Romeo Parada and Luis Torres who are undercover CIA agents. They need SAMCRO to provide weapons and transport drugs or they will crush the club. Understanding that Jax has to become President, Tara decides to remain with him. In the season finale, with Gemma watching Tara stands behind Jax at the head of the table, one arm draped around him, mirroring a photo of Gemma and John Teller.

is the postmaster general appointed by the president United States Postmaster General -- Appointed members of the Board of Governors of the United States Postal Service select the Postmaster General and Deputy Postmaster General, who then join the Board.

is the outcasts based on a true story The Outcasts (2017 film) -- The Outcasts is a 2017 American teen comedy film directed by Peter Hutchings. The film features an ensemble cast, featuring Eden Sher, Victoria Justice, Ashley Rickards, Claudia Lee and Katie Chang. The plot follows a group of misfit teenagers who band together to overthrow the popular clique at their high school. Originally titled The Outskirts, filming took place between July and August 2014.

does the main character in 12 strong die 12 Strong -- Following Dostum's departure, Nelson plans to continue operating against the Taliban with his Americans and the few Afghan fighters remaining with them. Encountering a large force of Al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters and armored vehicles, ODA 595, rejoined by Diller and his element, uses air support to eliminate many of the fighters and most of the armor, but are discovered and attacked. Spencer is critically injured by a suicide bomber, and the team is about to be overrun under heavy Taliban and Al-Qaeda pressure when Dostum returns with his forces. Together, the American and Northern Alliance forces disperse the Taliban and Al-Qaeda, and Dostum tracks down and kills Razzan. After Spencer is medevaced, Nelson and Dostum continue to Mazar-i-Sharif but find Atta Muhammad has beaten them there. Against expectations, Dostum and Muhammad meet peacefully and put aside their differences. Impressed by Nelson and the Americans' efforts, Dostum gives Nelson his prized riding crop and tells him that he will always consider Nelson a brother and fellow fighter. Spencer ultimately survives, and ODA 595 returns home after spending 23 days in Afghanistan.

do root hairs occur along the entire length of root Root hair -- A root hair, or absorbent hair, the rhizoid of a vascular plant, is a tubular outgrowth of a trichoblast, a hair-forming cell on the epidermis of a plant root. As they are lateral extensions of a single cell and only rarely branched, they are visible to the naked eye and light microscope. They are found only in the region of maturation of the root. Just prior to, and during, root hair cell development, there is elevated phosphorylase activity.

does it get cold at night in hawaii Climate of Hawaii -- Temperatures at sea level generally range from highs of 85--90 °F (29--32 °C) during the summer months to 79--83 °F (26--28 °C) during the winter months. Rarely does the temperature rise above 90 °F (32 °C) or drop below 65 °F (18 °C) at lower elevations. Temperatures are lower at higher altitudes; in fact, the three highest mountains of Mauna Kea, Mauna Loa, and Haleakalā often receive snowfall during the winter.

can the xbox one play xbox 360 discs List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- During Microsoft's E3 2015 press conference on June 15, 2015, Microsoft announced plans to introduce Xbox 360 backward compatibility on the Xbox One at no additional cost. Supported Xbox 360 games will run within an emulator and have access to certain Xbox One features, such as recording and broadcasting gameplay. Games do not run directly from discs. A relicensed form of the game is downloaded automatically when a supported game is inserted, instead of having to make extensive modifications to the game in-order to port the original title. This means, that the only reason every single Xbox 360 title is not available, is a judicial issue, not an engineering one. All Xbox 360 games could run out-of-the-box on Xbox One, as they require no modifications or porting to run, other than a valid license. While digitally-purchased games will automatically appear for download in the user's library once available. As with Xbox One titles, if the game is installed using physical media, the disc is still required for validation purposes.

is a lungo the same as an americano Lungo -- A caffè lungo should not be mistaken for a caffè americano (an espresso with hot water added to it) or a long black (hot water with a short black added to it, which is the inverse order to an Americano and done to preserve the crema).

is all of europe on the same time zone Time in Europe -- Europe spans 7 primary time zones (from UTC−01:00 to UTC+05:00), excluding summer time offsets (4 of them can be seen on the map to the right, with 1 further-western zone containing the Azores, and 2 further-eastern zones spanning Georgia, Azerbaijan, eastern territories of European Russia, and the European part of Kazakhstan). Most European countries use summer time and harmonise their summer time adjustments. See Summer time in Europe for details.

can a neurotransmitter be both excitatory and inhibitory Neurotransmitter -- A neurotransmitter can influence the function of a neuron through a remarkable number of mechanisms. In its direct actions in influencing a neuron's electrical excitability, however, a neurotransmitter acts in only one of two ways: excitatory or inhibitory. A neurotransmitter influences trans-membrane ion flow either to increase (excitatory) or to decrease (inhibitory) the probability that the cell with which it comes in contact will produce an action potential. Thus, despite the wide variety of synapses, they all convey messages of only these two types, and they are labeled as such. Type I synapses are excitatory in their actions, whereas type II synapses are inhibitory. Each type has a different appearance and is located on different parts of the neurons under its influence. Each neuron receives thousands of excitatory and inhibitory signals every second.

is an american bully the same as an american bulldog American Bully -- Founded in the United States between 1980 and 1990, the American Bully was produced using a foundation of American Staffordshire Terriers and American Pit Bull Terriers bred to several bulldog-type breeds. It was created with the purpose of being a family companion dog.

is the civil rights act in the constitution Civil Rights Act of 1964 -- The Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Pub.L. 88--352, 78 Stat. 241, enacted July 2, 1964) is a landmark civil rights and US labor law in the United States that outlaws discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. It prohibits unequal application of voter registration requirements, racial segregation in schools, employment, and public accommodations.

is single research design suitable in all research studies Single-subject design -- In design of experiments, single-subject design or single-case research design is a research design most often used in applied fields of psychology, education, and human behavior in which the subject serves as his/her own control, rather than using another individual/group. Researchers use single-subject design because these designs are sensitive to individual organism differences vs group designs which are sensitive to averages of groups. Often there will be large numbers of subjects in a research study using single-subject design, however--because the subject serves as their own control, this is still a single-subject design. These designs are used primarily to evaluate the effect of a variety of interventions in applied research.

does rachel die in hawaii 5-0 List of Hawaii Five-0 (2010 TV series) characters -- Danny's ex-wife and mother of Grace. She moves to Hawaii after marrying millionaire Stan Edwards. Early in Season 1, she and Danny are often seen bitterly arguing on the phone to the point where the whole team knew about the feud even before they had met Rachel or Grace in person. She often used Grace as leverage and threatened to further limit his visitation rights when his job prevented him from being punctual to their father-daughter dates but Danny successfully files for joint custody, meaning that Grace cannot leave Hawaii without his consent. They are now on friendly terms, particularly after her marriage with Stan hits a rocky patch and Danny was there to help with Charlie's birth (which he later discovers was actually his, not Stan's). In the seventh season of the series Rachel divorces Stan and takes her maiden name once again.

is italy going to the world cup 2018 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group G -- The group winners, Spain, qualified directly for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The group runners-up, Italy, advanced to the play-offs as one of the best 8 runners-up, where they lost to Sweden and thus failed to qualify for the first time since 1958.

is greece not in the world cup 2018 Greece national football team -- Greece were subsequently drawn against Croatia in the play-off round, where they were knocked out over two legs; a 4--1 away defeat set the tone for Greece's campaign, and in the second leg they drew a blank in a 0--0 stalemate against the Croats to signify the end of their World Cup hopes. Kostas Mitroglou finished as Greece's top scorer throughout their campaign, scoring six goals.

is chicago fire filmed in a real firehouse Chicago Fire (TV series) -- The building used in the show for the firehouse exteriors is a working Chicago Fire Department firehouse, and is the headquarters of Engine 18, located at 1360 South Blue Island Avenue at Maxwell Street, between 13th & Racine. Housed here is ALS Engine 18, 2--2--1 (Deputy District Chief -- 1st District), 2--1--21 (1st District Chief), 6--4--16 (High-Rise Response Unit), and ALS Ambulance 65. The interiors of Firehouse 51 are filmed at Cinespace Chicago Film Studios. The station house used for exteriors in Chicago PD is just a few blocks away at 949 West Maxwell Street at Morgan Street (interiors likewise filmed at Cinespace).

is there a new peanuts movie coming out The Peanuts Movie -- Although The Peanuts Movie has been described as a success and Fox was reportedly interested in making a sequel and turning The Peanuts Movie into a franchise, Fox only had the rights to make one Peanuts film. Schulz's widow, Jean, has indicated that a sequel is not imminent, stating, ``This one took eight years, so maybe we'll talk again then.''

is the lead singer of skid row dead Sebastian Bach -- Sebastian Philip Bierk (born April 3, 1968), known professionally as Sebastian Bach, is a Canadian heavy metal singer who achieved mainstream success as frontman of Skid Row from 1987 to 1996. He continues a solo career, acted on Broadway, and has made appearances in film and television.

is mt fuji the tallest mountain in the world Mount Fuji -- Mount Fuji (富士山, Fujisan, IPA: (ɸɯꜜdʑisaɴ) ( listen)), located on Honshū, is the highest mountain in Japan at 3,776.24 m (12,389 ft), 2nd-highest peak of an island (volcanic) in Asia, and 7th-highest peak of an island in the world. It is an active stratovolcano that last erupted in 1707--1708. Mount Fuji lies about 100 kilometers (60 mi) south-west of Tokyo, and can be seen from there on a clear day. Mount Fuji's exceptionally symmetrical cone, which is snow-capped for about 5 months a year, is a well-known symbol of Japan and it is frequently depicted in art and photographs, as well as visited by sightseers and climbers.

has anyone ever died doing the tour de france Tour de France -- On 13 July 1967, British cyclist Tom Simpson died climbing Mont Ventoux after taking amphetamine.

is there a law that says we have to pay taxes Tax protester statutory arguments -- Some tax protesters such as Edward Brown and tax protester organizations such as the We the People Foundation have used the phrase ``show me the law'' to argue that the Internal Revenue Service refuses to disclose the laws that impose the legal obligation to file Federal income tax returns or pay Federal income taxes--and to argue that there must be no law imposing Federal income taxes.

are all world cup matches played in russia 2018 FIFA World Cup -- The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years. It took place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018. It was the first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it had been held in Europe. At an estimated cost of over $14.2 billion, it was the most expensive World Cup. It was also the first World Cup to use the video assistant referee (VAR) system.

is railroad retirement the same as social security Railroad Retirement Board -- The RRB serves U.S. railroad workers and their families, and administers retirement, survivor, unemployment, and sickness benefits. Consequently, railroad workers do not participate in the United States Social Security program. The RRB's headquarters are in Chicago, Illinois, with field offices throughout the country.

does sweden pay you to go to school Education in Sweden -- In 2008, statistics showed that of all Swedes aged 25--64, 15% have completed only compulsory education (as the highest level of attainment), 46% only upper secondary education, 14% only post-secondary education of less than three years, and 22% post-secondary education of three years or more. Women are more educated than men (26% of women vs. 19% of men have post-secondary education of three years or more). The level of education is highest among those aged 25--34, and it decreases with age. Both upper secondary school and university studies are financed by taxes. Some Swedes start working immediately after secondary school. Along with several other European countries, the government used to subsidize tuition of non-EU/EEA students pursuing a degree at Swedish institutions, but in 2010 they started charging non-EU/EEA students 80,000--100,000 SEK per year. Swedish fifteen year old pupils have the 22nd highest average score in the PISA assessments, being neither significantly higher nor lower than the OECD average.

is soy sauce and worcestershire sauce the same thing Worcestershire sauce -- The ``flavourings'' are believed to include cloves, soy sauce, lemons, pickles and peppers.

is july 27 lunar eclipse visible in usa July 2018 lunar eclipse -- The lunar eclipse was completely visible over Eastern Africa, Southern Africa, Southern Asia and Central Asia, seen rising over South America, Western Africa, and Europe, and setting over Eastern Asia, and Australia.

can a baseball player catch a ball in the stands Catch (baseball) -- A catch is legal if the ball is finally held by any fielder before it touches the ground. Runners may leave their bases the instant the first fielder touches the ball. A fielder may reach over a fence, a railing, a rope, or a line of demarcation to make a catch. He may jump on top of a railing or a canvas that may be in foul ground. Interference should not be called in cases where a spectator comes into contact with a fielder and a catch is not made if the fielder reaches over a fence, a railing, a rope. The fielder does so at his or her own risk.

is one life to live still on tv One Life to Live -- One Life to Live (often abbreviated as OLTL) is an American soap opera broadcast on the ABC television network for more than 43 years, from July 15, 1968, to January 13, 2012, and then on the internet as a web series on Hulu and iTunes via The Online Network from April 29 to August 19, 2013. Created by Agnes Nixon, the series was the first daytime drama to primarily feature ethnically and socioeconomically diverse characters and consistently emphasize social issues. One Life to Live was expanded from 30 minutes to 45 minutes on July 26, 1976, and then to an hour on January 16, 1978.

is a girdle the same as a corset Girdle -- Since the 20th century, the word ``girdle'' also has been used to define an undergarment made of elasticized fabric that was worn by women. It is a form-fitting foundation garment that encircles the lower torso, perhaps extending below the hips, and worn often to shape or for support. It may be worn for aesthetic or medical reasons. In sports or medical treatment, a girdle may be worn as a compression garment. This form of women's foundation wear replaced the corset in popularity, and was in turn to a large extent surpassed by the pantyhose in the 1960s.

is i 30 in dallas a toll road Interstate 30 -- The section of I-30 between Dallas and Fort Worth is designated the Tom Landry Highway in honor of the long-time Dallas Cowboys coach. Though I-30 passed well south of Texas Stadium, the Cowboys' former home, their new stadium in Arlington, Texas is near I-30. However, the freeway designation was made before Arlington voted to build Cowboys Stadium. This section was previously known as the Dallas-Fort Worth Turnpike, which preceded the Interstate System. Although tolls had not been collected for many years, it was still known locally as the Dallas-Fort Worth Turnpike until receiving its present name. The section from downtown Dallas to Arlington was recently widened to over 16 lanes in some sections, by 2010. From June 15, 2010, through February 6, 2011, this 30-mile (48 km) section of I-30 was temporarily designated as the ``Tom Landry Super Bowl Highway'' in commemoration of Super Bowl XLV which was played at Cowboys Stadium.

are all spark plugs the same size socket Spark plug -- Spark plugs are specified by size, either thread or nut (often referred to as Euro), sealing type (taper or crush washer), and spark gap. Common thread (nut) sizes in Europe are 10 mm (16 mm), 14 mm (21 mm; sometimes, 16 mm), and 18 mm (24 mm, sometimes, 21 mm). In the United States, common thread (nut) sizes are 10mm (16mm), 12mm (14mm, 16mm or 17.5mm), 14mm (16mm, 20.63mm) and 18mm (20.63mm).

is australia part of the ring of fire Ring of Fire -- The Ring of Fire is a direct result of plate tectonics: the movement and collisions of lithospheric plates. The eastern section of the ring is the result of the Nazca Plate and the Cocos Plate being subducted beneath the westward-moving South American Plate. The Cocos Plate is being subducted beneath the Caribbean Plate, in Central America. A portion of the Pacific Plate and the small Juan de Fuca Plate are being subducted beneath the North American Plate. Along the northern portion, the northwestward-moving Pacific plate is being subducted beneath the Aleutian Islands arc. Farther west, the Pacific plate is being subducted along the Kamchatka Peninsula arcs on south past Japan. The southern portion is more complex, with a number of smaller tectonic plates in collision with the Pacific plate from the Mariana Islands, the Philippines, Bougainville, Tonga, and New Zealand; this portion excludes Australia, since it lies in the center of its tectonic plate. Indonesia lies between the Ring of Fire along the northeastern islands adjacent to and including New Guinea and the Alpide belt along the south and west from Sumatra, Java, Bali, Flores, and Timor.

is there such thing as chronic lyme disease Chronic Lyme disease -- Chronic Lyme disease (not to be confused with Lyme disease) is a generally rejected diagnosis that encompasses ``a broad array of illnesses or symptom complexes for which there is no reproducible or convincing scientific evidence of any relationship to Borrelia burgdorferi infection.'' Despite numerous studies, there is no clinical evidence that ``chronic'' Lyme disease is caused by a persistent infection. It is distinct from post-treatment Lyme disease syndrome, a set of lingering symptoms which may persist after successful treatment of infection with Lyme spirochetes. The symptoms of ``chronic Lyme'' are generic and non-specific ``symptoms of life''.

does new york state have the death penalty Capital punishment in New York -- Capital punishment is not in force in the State of New York. The last execution took place in 1963, when Eddie Mays was electrocuted at Sing Sing Prison. The state was the first to adopt the electric chair as a method of execution, which replaced hanging. Following the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling declaring existing capital punishment statutes unconstitutional in Furman v. Georgia (1972), New York was without a death penalty until 1995, when then-Governor George Pataki signed a new statute into law, which provided for execution by lethal injection.

are england the only country to change their clocks Summer Time in Europe -- European Summer Time is the variation of standard clock time that is applied in most European countries, not including Iceland, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Turkey and Russia -- in the period between spring and autumn, during which clocks are advanced by one hour from the time observed in the rest of the year, in order to make the most efficient use of seasonal daylight. It corresponds to the notion and practice of ``daylight saving time'' to be found in many other parts of the world.

was the iphone the first touch screen phone Smartphone -- The first commercially available device that could be properly referred to as a ``smartphone'' began as a prototype called ``Angler'' developed by Frank Canova in 1992 while at IBM and demonstrated in November of that year at the COMDEX computer industry trade show. A refined version was marketed to consumers in 1994 by BellSouth under the name Simon Personal Communicator. In addition to placing and receiving cellular calls, the touchscreen-equipped Simon could send and receive faxes and emails. It included an address book, calendar, appointment scheduler, calculator, world time clock, and notepad, as well as other visionary mobile applications such as maps, stock reports and news. The term ``smart phone'' or ``smartphone'' was not coined until a year after the introduction of the Simon, appearing in print as early as 1995, describing AT&T's PhoneWriter Communicator.

does uncle ben ever come back to life Uncle Ben -- The murder of Uncle Ben is notable as one of the few comic book deaths, that has never been reversed in terms of official continuity. He was a member of the ``Big Three'', referring also to Jason Todd (an associate of Batman) and Bucky (an associate of Captain America) whose notable deaths, along with Ben's, gave rise to the phrase: ``No one in comics stays dead except for Bucky, Jason Todd, and Uncle Ben''. Later, the revivals of both Bucky and Jason in 2005 led to the amendment, ``No one in comics stays dead except Uncle Ben''. The violent killing of Uncle Ben, done by a common street criminal, also shares multiple similarities to the death of Thomas and Martha Wayne, the parents of Batman, which sometimes is included in the saying.

does the winner of the world cup host it next time FIFA World Cup hosts -- To avoid any future boycotts or controversy, FIFA began a pattern of alternation between the Americas and Europe, which continued until the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Asia. The system evolved so that the host country is now chosen in a vote by FIFA's Congress. This is done under an exhaustive ballot system. The decision is currently made roughly seven years in advance of the tournament, though the hosts for the 2022 tournament were chosen at the same time as those for the 2018 tournament.

is guys grocery games in real grocery store Guy's Grocery Games -- Season 1 was shot inside of an actual grocery store, Field's Market in West Hills, California. For Season 2, the market was built in a 15,500 square foot warehouse in Santa Rosa, CA. It was built over two weeks and stocked with over $700,000 of food. After each episode, the perishable items were donated to local food banks and local farmers.

is there a gmc version of the avalanche Chevrolet Avalanche -- The Chevrolet Avalanche is a four-door, five or six passenger pickup truck sharing GM's long-wheelbase chassis used on the Chevrolet Suburban and Cadillac Escalade ESV. Breaking with a long-standing tradition, the Avalanche was not available as a GMC, but only as a Chevrolet.

is lake george a man-made lake Lake George (New York) -- The lake was originally named the Andia-ta-roc-te by local Native Americans. James Fenimore Cooper in his narrative Last of the Mohicans called it the Horican, after a tribe which may have lived there, because he felt the original name was too hard to pronounce.

is reverse osmosis water the same as deionized Reverse osmosis -- Many reef aquarium keepers use reverse osmosis systems for their artificial mixture of seawater. Ordinary tap water can contain excessive chlorine, chloramines, copper, nitrates, nitrites, phosphates, silicates, or many other chemicals detrimental to the sensitive organisms in a reef environment. Contaminants such as nitrogen compounds and phosphates can lead to excessive and unwanted algae growth. An effective combination of both reverse osmosis and deionization is the most popular among reef aquarium keepers, and is preferred above other water purification processes due to the low cost of ownership and minimal operating costs. Where chlorine and chloramines are found in the water, carbon filtration is needed before the membrane, as the common residential membrane used by reef keepers does not cope with these compounds.

can anyone take the bar exam in canada Admission to practice law -- Canadian applicants to the bar must obtain admission (referred to as the ``call to the bar'') to one of the provincial or territorial Law Societies in the various jurisdictions of Canada. As an example, in order to sit for the bar exam, the Law Society of British Columbia requires that a student complete an undergraduate degree in any discipline (B.A. of four years), and an undergraduate law degree (LL.B. and/or B.C.L., three to four years) or Juris Doctor (three years). The applicant must complete an apprenticeship referred to as ``articling'' (nine to fifteen months depending on the jurisdiction and nature of the articling process).

can you buy beer on easter sunday in kansas Alcohol laws of Kansas -- Sales are prohibited on Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas unless the local unit of government has voted to allow Sunday Sales. If Sunday Sales are allowed, sales are prohibited only on Easter Sunday, Christmas and Thanksgiving. Sales are prohibited between 11:00 PM and 9:00 AM. Cities and counties which allow off-premises sales are prohibited from allowing Sunday liquor sales after 8:00 PM, but may not require retail liquor stores to close before 8:00 PM on other days. No sales are allowed at less than cost. All employees must be at least 21 years of age.

can i perform a copyrighted song in public Performing rights -- Permission to publicly perform a song must be obtained from the copyright holder or a collective rights organization.

is father's day the same day all over the world Father's Day -- Father's Day is a celebration honoring fathers and celebrating fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society. In Catholic Europe, it has been celebrated on March 19 (St. Joseph's Day) since the Middle Ages. This celebration was brought by the Spanish and Portuguese to Latin America, where March 19 is often still used for it, though many countries in Europe and the Americas have adopted the U.S. date, which is the third Sunday of June. It is celebrated on various days in many parts of the world, most commonly in the months of March, April and June. It complements similar celebrations honoring family members, such as Mother's Day, Siblings Day, and Grandparents' Day.

was the steam engine invented during the renaissance History of the steam engine -- The first recorded rudimentary steam engine was the aeolipile described by Heron of Alexandria in 1st-century Roman Egypt. Several steam-powered devices were later experimented with or proposed, such as Taqi al-Din's steam jack, a steam turbine in 16th-century Ottoman Egypt, and Thomas Savery's steam pump in 17th-century England. In 1712, Thomas Newcomen's atmospheric engine became the first commercially successful engine using the principle of the piston and cylinder, which was the fundamental type steam engine used until the early 20th century. The steam engine was used to pump water out of coal mines

is soft tissue damage the same as a sprain Soft tissue injury -- A soft tissue injury (STI) is the damage of muscles, ligaments and tendons throughout the body. Common soft tissue injuries usually occur from a sprain, strain, a one off blow resulting in a contusion or overuse of a particular part of the body. Soft tissue injuries can result in pain, swelling, bruising and loss of function.

will there be season 9 of desperate housewives Desperate Housewives -- In August 2011, it was confirmed that the eighth season of Desperate Housewives would be the final season. Eva Longoria tweeted about the end of Desperate Housewives:

was designated survivor filmed in the white house Designated Survivor (TV series) -- The series is produced by ABC Studios and The Mark Gordon Company, and is filmed in Toronto, Ontario.

do they bleach rice to make it white White rice -- White rice is milled rice that has had its husk, bran, and germ removed. This alters the flavor, texture and appearance of the rice and helps prevent spoilage and extend its storage life. After milling, the rice is polished, resulting in a seed with a bright, white, shiny appearance.

is the esophagus in front of the heart Esophagus -- The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English) (/ɪˈsɒfəɡəs/), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet (gut), is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach. The esophagus is a fibromuscular tube, about 25 centimetres long in adults, which travels behind the trachea and heart, passes through the diaphragm and empties into the uppermost region of the stomach. During swallowing, the epiglottis tilts backwards to prevent food from going down the larynx and lungs. The word esophagus is the Greek word οἰσοφάγος oisophagos, meaning ``gullet''.

is a recorder the same as a tin whistle Tin whistle -- The tin whistle, also called the penny whistle, English flageolet, Scottish penny whistle, tin flageolet, Irish whistle, Belfast Hornpipe, feadóg stáin (or simply feadóg) and Clarke London Flageolet is a simple, six-holed woodwind instrument. It is a type of fipple flute, putting it in the same class as the recorder, Native American flute, and other woodwind instruments that meet such criteria. A tin whistle player is called a tin whistler or simply a whistler. The tin whistle is closely associated with Celtic music.

does the baseball all star game determine home field advantage Major League Baseball All-Star Game -- Since 2017, home field advantage in the World Series goes to the league champion team with the higher regular season win-loss record.

is static pressure the same as atmospheric pressure Static pressure -- When selecting the position for the static port, the aircraft designer's objective is to ensure the pressure in the aircraft's static pressure system is as close as possible to the atmospheric pressure at the altitude at which the aircraft is flying, across the operating range of weight and airspeed. Many authors describe the atmospheric pressure at the altitude at which the aircraft is flying as the freestream static pressure. At least one author takes a different approach in order to avoid a need for the expression freestream static pressure. Gracey has written ``The static pressure is the atmospheric pressure at the flight level of the aircraft''. Gracey then refers to the air pressure at any point close to the aircraft as the local static pressure.

is living at high altitude good for you Effects of high altitude on humans -- Travel to each of these altitude regions can lead to medical problems, from the mild symptoms of acute mountain sickness to the potentially fatal high-altitude pulmonary edema (HAPE) and high-altitude cerebral edema (HACE). The higher the altitude, the greater the risk. Research also indicates elevated risk of permanent brain damage in people climbing to extreme altitudes. Expedition doctors commonly stock a supply of dexamethasone, or ``dex,'' to treat these conditions on site.

are there any tin mines left in cornwall Mining in Cornwall and Devon -- Historically, tin and copper as well as a few other metals (e.g. arsenic, silver, and zinc) have been mined in Cornwall and Devon. As of 2007 there are no active metalliferous mines remaining. However, tin deposits still exist in Cornwall, and there has been talk of reopening the South Crofty tin mine. In addition, work has begun on re-opening the Hemerdon tungsten and tin mine in south-west Devon. In view of the economic importance of mines and quarries, geological studies have been conducted: about forty distinct minerals have been identified from type localities in Cornwall (e.g. endellionite from St Endellion). Quarrying of the igneous and metamorphic rocks has also been a significant industry. In the 20th century the extraction of kaolin was important economically.

are discouraged workers part of the unemployment rate Discouraged worker -- As a general practice, discouraged workers, who are often classified as marginally attached to the labor force, on the margins of the labor force, or as part of hidden unemployment, are not considered part of the labor force, and are thus not counted in most official unemployment rates--which influences the appearance and interpretation of unemployment statistics. Although some countries offer alternative measures of unemployment rate, the existence of discouraged workers can be inferred from a low employment-to-population ratio.

is there a difference between soy and soya sauce Soy sauce -- Soy sauce (also called soya sauce in British English) is a liquid condiment of Chinese origin, made from a fermented paste of soybeans, roasted grain, brine, and Aspergillus oryzae or Aspergillus sojae molds. Soy sauce in its current form was created about 2,200 years ago during the Western Han dynasty of ancient China, and spread throughout East and Southeast Asia where it is used in cooking and as a condiment.

did the first iphone have a front camera iPhone 4 -- The iPhone 4 introduced a new hardware design to the iPhone family, which Apple's CEO Steve Jobs touted as the thinnest smartphone in the world at the time; it consisted of a stainless steel frame which doubles as an antenna, with internal components situated between aluminosilicate glass. The iPhone 4 also introduced Apple's new high-resolution ``Retina Display'' with a pixel density of 326 pixels per inch while maintaining the same physical size and aspect ratio as its precursors. The iPhone 4 also introduced Apple's A4 system-on-chip, along with iOS 4--which notably introduced multitasking functionality and Apple's new FaceTime video chat service. The iPhone 4 was also the first iPhone to include a front-facing camera, and the first to be released in a version for CDMA networks, ending AT&T's period as the exclusive carrier of iPhone products in the United States.

is end point the same as equivalence point Equivalence point -- The endpoint (related to, but not the same as the equivalence point) refers to the point at which the indicator changes colour in a colourimetric titration.

is a master's degree higher than an honours degree Honours degree -- In the United States, an honours degree (or honors degree in US spelling) requires a thesis or project work beyond that needed for the normal bachelor's program. Honours programs in the US are taken alongside the rest of the degree and often have a minimum GPA requirement for entry, which can vary between institutions. Some institutions do not have a separate honours program, but instead refer to bachelor's degrees awarded with Latin honours, which may be based either on GPA or class position, as honours degrees.

is the book of life a pixar movie The Book of Life (2014 film) -- The Book of Life is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy adventure comedy film produced by Reel FX Creative Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Co-written and directed by Jorge R. Gutierrez, it was produced by Aaron Berger, Brad Booker, Guillermo del Toro, and Carina Schulze. The film stars the voices of Diego Luna, Zoe Saldana, Channing Tatum, Christina Applegate, Ice Cube, Ron Perlman, and Kate del Castillo. Based on an original idea by Gutierrez, the story follows a bullfighter who, on the Day of the Dead, embarks on an afterlife adventure to fulfill the expectations of his family and friends.

is input lag and response time the same thing Display lag -- Display lag is a phenomenon associated with some types of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) like smartphones and computers, and nearly all types of high-definition televisions (HDTVs). It refers to latency, or lag measured by the difference between the time there is a signal input, and the time it takes the input to display on the screen. This lag time has been measured as high as 68 ms, or the equivalent of 3-4 frames on a 60 Hz display. Display lag is not to be confused with pixel response time. Currently the majority of manufacturers do not include any specification or information about display latency on the screens they produce.

can picking your nose affect your sense of smell Nose-picking -- Picking one's nose with dirty fingers or fingernails may increase risks of infection that may include an increase in the diversity of nose flora (and thus infection or illness), or occasional nosebleeds. One case of rhinotillexomania resulted in perforation of the nasal septum and self-induced ethmoidectomy. Nose picking, however, should not affect the sense of smell, as the nasal cavity where the olfactory nerves are located is too high up to reach.

does george w bush still own the texas rangers Texas Rangers (baseball) -- In April 1989, Rangers owner and oil tycoon Eddie Chiles, sold the team to an investment group headed by George W. Bush for $89 million. While his own equity in the team was a small one ($500,000), Bush was named Managing General Partner of the new ownership group. He increased his investment to $600,000 the following year. Bush left his position with the Rangers when he was elected Governor of Texas in 1994, and he sold his stake in the team in 1998.

is kinetic energy conserved in perfectly inelastic collisions Inelastic collision -- A perfectly inelastic collision occurs when the maximum amount of kinetic energy of a system is lost. In a perfectly inelastic collision, i.e., a zero coefficient of restitution, the colliding particles stick together. In such a collision, kinetic energy is lost by bonding the two bodies together. This bonding energy usually results in a maximum kinetic energy loss of the system. It is necessary to consider conservation of momentum: (Note: In the sliding block example above, momentum of the two body system is only conserved if the surface has zero friction. With friction, momentum of the two bodies is transferred to the surface that the two bodies are sliding upon. Similarly, if there is air resistance, the momentum of the bodies can be transferred to the air.) The equation below holds true for the two-body (Body A, Body B) system collision in the example above. In this example, momentum of the system is conserved because there is no friction between the sliding bodies and the surface.

is there a third season of good morning call Good Morning Call -- A live-action television adaptation was co-produced by Fuji TV (Japan) & Netflix (worldwide). Like the manga, the series is set in Tokyo and follows the relationships of the main characters from high school to university. Season one aired in 2016, and a second season aired in 2017 under the title Good Morning Call: Our Campus Days. According to the program's social media, there is currently discussion of a third season.

are there warrant officers in the air force Warrant officer (United States) -- The United States Air Force no longer uses the warrant officer grade. The USAF inherited warrant officer ranks from the Army at its inception in 1947, but their place in the Air Force structure was never made clear. When Congress authorized the creation of two new senior enlisted ranks in each of the five services in 1958 (implementing them in 1959-60), Air Force officials privately concluded that these two new ``super grades'' of senior master sergeant and chief master sergeant (styling the incumbents as ``superintendents'' vice senior or staff NCOICs as does the USA and USMC) could fill all Air Force needs then performed at the warrant officer level. This was not publicly acknowledged until years later. The Air Force stopped appointing warrant officers in 1959, the same year the first promotions were made to the new top enlisted grade, chief master sergeant. Most of the existing air force warrant officers entered the commissioned officer ranks during the 1960s, but tiny numbers continued to exist for the next 21 years.

is response time the same as input lag Display lag -- Display lag is a phenomenon associated with some types of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) like smartphones and computers, and nearly all types of high-definition televisions (HDTVs). It refers to latency, or lag measured by the difference between the time there is a signal input, and the time it takes the input to display on the screen. This lag time has been measured as high as 68 ms, or the equivalent of 3-4 frames on a 60 Hz display. Display lag is not to be confused with pixel response time. Currently the majority of manufacturers do not include any specification or information about display latency on the screens they produce.

is atmospheric pressure always equal to 1 atm Atmospheric pressure -- Atmospheric pressure, sometimes also called barometric pressure, is the pressure within the atmosphere of Earth (or that of another planet). In most circumstances atmospheric pressure is closely approximated by the hydrostatic pressure caused by the weight of air above the measurement point. As elevation increases, there is less overlying atmospheric mass, so that atmospheric pressure decreases with increasing elevation. Pressure measures force per unit area, with SI units of Pascals (1 pascal = 1 newton per square metre, 1 N/m). On average, a column of air with a cross-sectional area of 1 square centimetre (cm), measured from mean (average) sea level to the top of Earth's atmosphere, has a mass of about 1.03 kilogram and exerts a force or ``weight'' of about 10.1 newtons or 2.37 lb, resulting in a pressure at sea level of about 10.1 N/cm or 101 kN/m (101 kilopascals, kPa). A column of air with a cross-sectional area of 1 in (6.45 cm) would have a mass of about 6.65 kg and a weight of about 65.4 N or 14.7 lb, resulting in a pressure of 10.1 N/cm or 14.7 lb/in.

is fullmetal alchemist brotherhood a continuation of the original Fullmetal Alchemist -- Fullmetal Alchemist was adapted into two anime series for television: a loose adaptation titled Fullmetal Alchemist in 2003--2004, and a more faithful 2009--2010 retelling titled Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood.

will there be a season 2 of 11-22-63 11.22.63 -- When asked about developing a sequel series, King stated ``I'd love to revisit Jake and Sadie, and also revisit the rabbit hole that dumps people into the past, but sometimes it's best not to go back for a second helping.''.

is a pterodactyl the same as a pteranodon Pteranodon -- Unlike earlier pterosaurs, such as Rhamphorhynchus and Pterodactylus, Pteranodon had toothless beaks, similar to those of birds. Pteranodon beaks were made of solid, bony margins that projected from the base of the jaws. The beaks were long, slender, and ended in thin, sharp points. The upper jaw, which was longer than the lower jaw, was curved upward; while this normally has been attributed only to the upward-curving beak, one specimen (UALVP 24238) has a curvature corresponding with the beak widening towards the tip. While the tip of the beak is not known in this specimen, the level of curvature suggests it would have been extremely long. The unique form of the beak in this specimen led Alexander Kellner to assign it to a distinct genus, Dawndraco, in 2010.

is queso fresco and queso blanco the same Queso blanco -- Queso blanco is traditionally made from cow's milk, whereas queso fresco may be made from a combination of cow's and goat's milk. Some versions of these cheeses, such as Oaxaca cheese, melt well when heated, but most only soften.

are domestic and feral cats native to australia Cats in Australia -- Historical records date the introduction of cats to Australia at around 1804 and that cats first became feral around Sydney by 1820. In the early 1900s, concern was expressed at the pervasiveness of the cat problem

is great america the same as six flags Six Flags Great America -- Six Flags Great America is an amusement park located in Gurnee, Illinois. Part of the Six Flags chain, Great America was first opened in 1976 by the Marriott Corporation as Marriott's Great America. Six Flags has owned and operated the park since 1984, making it the seventh park in the chain. The park offers ten themed areas, as well as Hurricane Harbor, a 20-acre (81,000 m) water park, and three specially themed children's areas.

does alex come back to grey sloan memorial Alex Karev -- Although Karev and Stevens had an on-off romantic history in previous seasons, it was not until the fifth season that the two formed a lasting relationship. Despite Stevens' advanced skin cancer, the two marry. Justin Chambers commented on his character's inability to tell Stevens that he loves her in the beginning of their relationship, saying that Karev has difficulty expressing himself. Though Stevens departs in season 6, series creator Shonda Rhimes has said that she would like the chance to create closure for both Karev and Stevens. Rhimes later retracted her comments and stated that she has no plans to ever re-approach Izzie's storyline again. In the ninth season, Karev befriends intern Jo Wilson. They begin a relationship in the tenth season until their break-up in the twelfth season. However, they get back together again and marry in the fourteenth season.

is the great wall of china all around china Great Wall of China -- The frontier walls built by different dynasties have multiple courses. Collectively, they stretch from Dandong in the east to Lop Lake in the west, from present-day Sino-Russian border in the north to Qinghai in the south; along an arc that roughly delineates the edge of Mongolian steppe. A comprehensive archaeological survey, using advanced technologies, has concluded that the walls built by the Ming dynasty measure 8,850 km (5,500 mi). This is made up of 6,259 km (3,889 mi) sections of actual wall, 359 km (223 mi) of trenches and 2,232 km (1,387 mi) of natural defensive barriers such as hills and rivers. Another archaeological survey found that the entire wall with all of its branches measures out to be 21,196 km (13,171 mi). Today, the Great Wall is generally recognized as one of the most impressive architectural feats in history.

is st george's chapel in westminster abbey St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle -- St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in England, is a chapel designed in the high-medieval Gothic style. It is both a Royal Peculiar, a church under the direct jurisdiction of the monarch, and the Chapel of the Order of the Garter. Seating approximately 800, it is located in the Lower Ward of the castle.

was call of duty ww2 based on a true story Call of Duty: WWII -- Call of Duty: WWII is a first-person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision. It was released worldwide on November 3, 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It is the fourteenth main installment in the Call of Duty series and the first title in the series to be set primarily during World War II since Call of Duty: World at War in 2008.

is extended release the same as sustained release Modified-release dosage -- Extended-release dosage consists of sustained-release (SR) and controlled-release (CR) dosage. SR maintains drug release over a sustained period but not at a constant rate. CR maintains drug release over a sustained period at a nearly constant rate.

is the vagus nerve part of the cns Vagus nerve -- The vagus nerve (/ˈveɪɡəs/ VAY-gəs), historically cited as the pneumogastric nerve, is the tenth cranial nerve or CN X, and interfaces with parasympathetic control of the heart, lungs, and digestive tract. The vagus nerves are paired; however, they are normally referred to in the singular. It is the longest nerve of the autonomic nervous system in the human body. The vagus nerve also has a sympathetic function via the peripheral chemoreceptors.

is canada part of the un security council Canada and the United Nations -- Canada has served in the UNSC for 12 years, thus ranking in the top ten of non-permanent members. As of 2015, it shares the fourth place in the list of non-permanent members serving on the Council by length with Italy. This places Canada behind Brazil and Japan (first place), Argentina (second place), and Colombia, India, and Pakistan (third place). Canada was elected for the following six terms: 1948--49, 1958--59, 1967--68, 1977--78, 1989--90, and 1999--2000 - once every decade. In 2010, it lost its bid for a seat in the 2010 Security Council elections to Germany and Portugal, marking the country's first failure to win a seat in the UNSC. In August 2016, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced that Canada would seek to return to the Council in 2021. In making the announcement, Trudeau referred to ``playing a positive and constructive role in the world'' and claimed that the UN is a ``principal forum for pursuing Canada's international objectives -- including the promotion of democracy, inclusive governance, human rights, development, and international peace and security.''.

is directv and dish network owned by the same company Dish Network -- In 1998 EchoStar purchased the broadcasting assets of a satellite broadcasting joint venture of News Corporation and MCI Worldcom, called ASkyB (for American Sky Broadcasting, named after News Corp's BSkyB service in Britain); the two companies had nearly merged (which called for Dish Network being renamed Sky) before it was called off due to Charlie Ergen's clashes with News Corp. executives. With this purchase EchoStar obtained 28 of the 32 transponder licenses in the 110° West orbital slot, more than doubling existing continental United States broadcasting capacity at a value of $682.5 million; some of the other assets were picked up by rival PrimeStar, which was sold to DirecTV in 1999. The acquisition (which also included an uplink center in Gilbert, Arizona) inspired the company to introduce a multi satellite system called Dish 500, theoretically capable of receiving more than 500 channels on one Dish. In the same year, EchoStar, partnering with Bell Canada, launched Dish Network Canada.

did anne of green gables house burn down Green Gables (Prince Edward Island) -- An electrical fire on May 23, 1997 caused some internal damage to part of the upstairs section of the farmhouse. This led to restoration of the affected rooms, as well as being the impetus for an extensive redevelopment of the property through the construction of barns and outbuildings to complement the house itself and to accommodate visitor interpretation facilities. As a result, part of the nearby Green Gables golf course, constructed in the 1930s, was moved away from the vicinity of the homestead and the area has been returned to a more traditional agricultural landscape.

are fighting words protected under freedom of speech Fighting words -- The fighting words doctrine, in United States constitutional law, is a limitation to freedom of speech as protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.

have england ever won the women's world cup England women's national football team -- England have qualified for the FIFA Women's World Cup four times, reaching the quarter final stage on the first three occasions in 1995, 2007, and 2011, and finishing third in 2015. They reached the final of the UEFA Women's Championship in 1984 and 2009.

is an employment authorization card a green card Employment authorization document -- Currently the Form I-765 Employment Authorization Document is issued in the form of a standard credit card-size plastic card enhanced with multiple security features. The card contains some basic information about the alien: name, birth date, sex, immigrant category, country of birth, photo, alien registration number (also called ``A-number''), card number, restrictive terms and conditions, and dates of validity. This document, however, should not be confused with the green card.

is cape canaveral the same as the kennedy space center Kennedy Space Center -- The John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC, originally known as the NASA Launch Operations Center) is one of ten National Aeronautics and Space Administration field centers. Since December 1968, Kennedy Space Center has been NASA's primary launch center of human spaceflight. Launch operations for the Apollo, Skylab and Space Shuttle programs were carried out from Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39 and managed by KSC. Located on the east coast of Florida, KSC is adjacent to Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS). The management of the two entities work very closely together, share resources, and even own facilities on each other's property.

is the spleen part of the circulatory system Spleen -- Like the thymus, the spleen possesses only efferent lymphatic vessels. The spleen is part of the lymphatic system. Both the short gastric arteries and the splenic artery supply it with blood.

is saigon cinnamon the same as ceylon cinnamon Saigon cinnamon -- Saigon cinnamon (Cinnamomum loureiroi, also known as Vietnamese cinnamon or Vietnamese cassia and quế trà my, quế thanh, or `` quế trà bồng'' in Vietnam) is an evergreen tree indigenous to mainland Southeast Asia. Despite its name, Saigon cinnamon is more closely related to cassia (C. cassia) than to cinnamon (C. verum, ``true cinnamon'', Ceylon cinnamon), though in the same genus as both. Saigon cinnamon has 1-5% essential oil in content and 25% cinnamaldehyde in essential oil, which is the highest of all the cinnamon species. Consequently, among the species, Saigon cinnamon commands relatively high price.

are flying fish fish that can actually fly Flying fish -- The Exocoetidae are a family of marine fish in the order Beloniformes class Actinopterygii. Fish of this family are known as flying fish. About 64 species are grouped in seven to nine genera. Flying fish can make powerful, self-propelled leaps out of water into air, where their long, wing-like fins enable gliding flight for considerable distances above the water's surface. This uncommon ability is a natural defence mechanism to evade predators.

are $10 000 bills still in circulation Large denominations of United States currency -- Series 1934 gold certificates ($100, $1,000, $10,000 and $100,000) were issued after the gold standard was repealed and gold was compulsorily confiscated by order of President Franklin Roosevelt on March 9, 1933 (see United States Executive Order 6102). Thus the series 1934 notes were used only for intragovernmental (i.e., Federal Reserve Bank) transactions and were not issued to the public. This series was discontinued in 1940. The series 1928 gold certificate reverse was printed in black and green. See history of the United States dollar.

is 8.5 x 11 the same as a4 Letter (paper size) -- Letter or ANSI Letter is a paper size commonly used as home or office stationery in the United States, Canada, Chile, Mexico, the Dominican Republic and the Philippines. It measures 8.5 by 11 inches (215.9 by 279.4 mm). US Letter-size paper is a standard defined by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI, paper size A), in contrast to A4 paper used by most other countries, and adopted at varying dates, which is defined by the International Organization for Standardization, specifically in ISO 216.

are they making a season 3 of life unexpected Life Unexpected -- While Life Unexpected received mostly positive reviews, it struggled in the ratings and was cancelled by The CW in 2011. The show has since been released on DVD, and it is available on Netflix as well as Amazon Video streaming services.

are there any area codes that start with 1 Category:Area codes in the United States -- Area codes in the North American Numbering Plan area may not contain 0 or 1 as the first digit.

is the czech republic and czechoslovakia the same thing Czechoslovakia -- Czechoslovakia, or Czecho-Slovakia (/ˌtʃɛkoʊsloʊˈvækiə, -kə-, -slə-, -ˈvɑː-/; Czech and Slovak: Československo, Česko-Slovensko), was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993.

can you play all ps3 games on vita Remote Play -- PS3 to Vita Remote Play went on to be rarely implemented as well. It retained any games supported by PS3 to PSP Remote Play support, including all original PlayStation games, but was again rarely used by actual PS3 games. Only a few games supported it, namely HD Remasters such as The Ico & Shadow of the Colossus Collection and the God of War Collection.

do lexie and mark ever get back together Lexie Grey -- Although initially happy in her relationship with Jackson, Lexie grows increasingly distraught and frustrated when she discovers that Mark has started dating an ophthalmologist named Julia. When she sees Mark and Julia flirting during a charity softball match, Lexie's jealousy gets the better of her and she throws a ball at Julia, injuring the latter's chest. Jackson senses that Lexie is still in love with Mark and ends their relationship. Lexie begins working under Derek's service and becomes increasingly proficient in neurosurgery, helping Derek with a set of ``hopeless cases'' - high risk surgeries for patients who had otherwise run out of options. During a surgery, Derek is called away on an emergency, leaving Lexie and Meredith to carry out the procedure on their own. Though Derek had instructed them to merely reduce the patient's brain tumor, Meredith allows Lexie to remove it completely, despite not being authorized by either the patient or Derek to do so. The sisters celebrate the successful surgery but Lexie is devastated when she discovers that the patient suffered severe brain damage, thus losing the ability to speak. Alex, Jackson and April move out of Meredith's house without inviting Lexie to join them, and with Derek and Meredith settling down with baby Zola, Lexie begins to feel lonely and isolated. After being left babysitting Zola on Valentine's Day, she contemplates confessing her true feelings to Mark. However, after plucking up the courage to visit his apartment, she finds Mark studying with Jackson and loses her nerve, instead claiming that she wanted to set up a play date for Zola and Sofia. When Mark confides in Derek that he and Julia have been discussing moving in together, Derek warns Lexie not to miss her chance again, resulting in her professing her love to a shell-shocked Mark, who merely thanks her for her candor. Mark later confesses to Derek that he feels the same way about Lexie, but is unsure of how to go about things. Days later, Lexie is named as part of a team of surgeons that will be sent to Boise to separate conjoined twins, along with Mark, Meredith, Derek, Cristina and Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw). However, while flying to their destination, the doctors' plane crashes in the wilderness and Lexie is crushed under debris from the aircraft but manages to alert Mark and Cristina to help her. The pair try in vain to free Lexie, who realizes that she is suffering from a hemothorax and is unlikely to survive. While Cristina tries to find an oxygen tank and water to save Lexie, Mark holds Lexie's hand and professes his love for her, telling her that they will get married, have kids and live the best life together, as they are ``meant to be''. While fantasizing about the future that she and Mark could have had together, Lexie succumbs to her injuries and dies moments before Meredith arrives. The remaining doctors are left stranded in the woods waiting for rescue, with a devastated Meredith crying profusely and Mark refusing to let go of Lexie's hand.

is the tortoise and the hare a fairy tale The Tortoise and the Hare -- ``The Tortoise and the Hare'' is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 226 in the Perry Index. The account of a race between unequal partners has attracted conflicting interpretations. It is itself a variant of a common folktale theme in which ingenuity and trickery (rather than doggedness) are employed to overcome a stronger opponent.

does taiwan have a seat in the un Political status of Taiwan -- Since the ROC lost its United Nations seat as ``China'' in 1971 (replaced by the PRC), most sovereign states have switched their diplomatic recognition to the PRC, recognizing or acknowledging the PRC to be the sole legitimate representative of all China, though the majority of countries deliberately avoid stating clearly what territories they believe China includes and maintain strategic ambiguity in order to associate with both the People's Republic of China (PRC) and the Republic of China (ROC) simultaneously. As of 24 May 2018, the ROC maintains official diplomatic relations with 17 UN member states and the Holy See, although informal relations are maintained with nearly all others. Agencies of foreign governments such as the American Institute in Taiwan operate as de facto embassies of their home countries in Taiwan, and Taiwan operates similar de facto embassies and consulates in most countries under such names as ``Taipei Representative Office'' (TRO) or ``Taipei Economic and Cultural (Representative) Office'' (TECO). In certain contexts, Taiwan is also referred to as Chinese Taipei.

can you marry more than one person in uk Polygamy in the United Kingdom -- Polygamous marriages may not be performed in the United Kingdom, and if a polygamous marriage is performed, the already-married person may be guilty of the crime of bigamy under the s.11 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973.

is the right to a fair trial in the constitution Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution -- In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.

is it a requirement to own a gun in switzerland Gun laws in Switzerland -- The 2017 report from Small Arms Survey has estimated that the number of civilian-held firearms in Switzerland is of 2.332 million, which given a population of 8.4 million corresponds to a gun ownership of around 27.6 guns per 100 residents.

is there such a thing as x ray glasses X-ray specs -- X-ray specs are American novelties, purported to allow users to see through or into solid objects. In reality, the spectacles merely create an optical illusion; no X-rays are involved. The current paper version is sold under the name ``X-Ray Spex''; a similar product is sold under the name ``X-Ray Gogs''.

do they still make philip morris commander cigarettes Philip Morris (cigarette) -- Over the years, Philip Morris USA made many poster and television ads to promote the Philip Morris and Commander brand, starting from 1933 and ending in 1966, when the brand started to lose appeal.

are pinot noir and pinot gris the same grape Pinot gris -- Pinot gris, pinot grigio or Grauburgunder is a white wine grape variety of the species Vitis vinifera. Thought to be a mutant clone of the pinot noir variety, it normally has a grayish-blue fruit, accounting for its name but the grapes can have a brownish pink to black and even white appearance. The word pinot could have been given to it because the grapes grow in small pine cone-shaped clusters. The wines produced from this grape also vary in color from a deep golden yellow to copper and even a light shade of pink, and it is one of the more popular grapes for skin-contact wine.

does the equal time rule apply to newspapers Equal-time rule -- The equal-time rule specifies that U.S. radio and television broadcast stations must provide an equivalent opportunity to any opposing political candidates who request it. This means, for example, that if a station gives a given amount of time to a candidate in prime time, it must do the same for another candidate who requests it, at the same price if applicable. This rule originated in §18 of the Radio Act of 1927; it was later superseded by the Communications Act of 1934. A related provision, in §315(b), requires that broadcasters offer time to candidates at the same rate as their ``most favored advertiser''.

can you carry a gun in a bar in oklahoma Gun laws in Oklahoma -- Individuals possessing handgun carry permits may not carry handguns of greater than .45 caliber. Individuals with handgun carry permits may not carry in an establishment whose primary purpose is the serving of alcoholic beverages. Handgun carry permit holders may not consume alcoholic beverages while carrying. Doing so will result in revocation of carry permit and possible criminal charges. Carry with permit is allowed in an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages, (such as a restaurant that serves alcoholic beverages) as long as that is not the primary purpose of said establishment. Handgun carry permit holders cannot carry into any sports arena during a professional sporting event, in an area or building where pari-mutuel wagering is authorized (such as a casino), cannot carry in schools nor in any government building.

does the scapula form a joint with the ribs Scapula -- In anatomy, the scapula (plural scapulae or scapulas; also known as shoulder bone, shoulder blade or wing bone) is the bone that connects the humerus (upper arm bone) with the clavicle (collar bone). Like their connected bones the scapulae are paired, with the scapula on either side of the body being roughly a mirror image of the other. The name derives from early Roman times when it was thought that the bone resembled a trowel or small shovel.

are there any montgomery ward stores still open Montgomery Ward -- DMSI applied the brand to a new online and catalog-based retailing operation, with no physical stores, headquartered in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. DMSI then began operating under the Montgomery Ward branding and managed to get it up and running in three months. The new firm began operations in June 2004, selling essentially the same categories of products as the former brand, but as a new, smaller catalog.

are trinidad and tobago in the world cup 2018 Trinidad and Tobago national football team -- Trinidad and Tobago failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup between 1966 and 2002, then again in 2010 to 2018.

is a joule the same as a watt Joule -- Since the joule is also a watt-second and the common unit for electricity sales to homes is the kW⋅h (kilowatt-hour), a kW⋅h is thus 1000 W × 3600 s = 3.6 MJ (megajoules).

can i get $1 000 bill from the bank Large denominations of United States currency -- The Federal Reserve began taking high-denomination currency out of circulation (destroying large bills received by banks) in 1969. As of May 30, 2009, only 336 $10,000 bills were known to exist; 342 remaining $5,000 bills; and 165,372 remaining $1,000 bills. Due to their rarity, collectors often pay considerably more than the face value of the bills to acquire them. Some are in museums in other parts of the world.

is the persian and arabic alphabet the same Persian alphabet -- The Persian alphabet adds four letters to the Arabic alphabet: /p/, /ɡ/, /t͡ʃ/ (ch in chair), /ʒ/ (s in measure).

are roasted red peppers and pimentos the same Pimiento -- A pimiento (Spanish pronunciation: (piˈmjento)), pimento, or cherry pepper is a variety of large, red, heart-shaped chili pepper (Capsicum annuum) that measures 3 to 4 in (7 to 10 cm) long and 2 to 3 in (5 to 7 cm) wide (medium, elongate).

is garfield a real cat in the movie Garfield: The Movie -- Garfield: The Movie is a 2004 American family comedy film directed by Peter Hewitt inspired by Jim Davis' comic strip of the same name. It stars Breckin Meyer as Jon Arbuckle, Jennifer Love Hewitt as Dr. Liz Wilson, and features Bill Murray as the voice of Garfield. Garfield was created with computer animation, though all other animals were real. The film was produced by Davis Entertainment Company and distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film shares several similarities to the 1982 animated special Here Comes Garfield. Garfield: The Movie was released in the United States on June 11, 2004. Despite having negative reviews from critics, the film was a box office success, grossing $200 million on a $50 million budget. A sequel, Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties, was released in June 2006.

is the london marathon the largest in the world London Marathon -- In addition to being one of the top six international marathons run over the distance of 26 mi 385 yd (42.195 km), the IAAF standard for the marathon established in 1921 and originally used for the 1908 London Olympics, the London Marathon is also a large, celebratory sporting festival, third in England only to the Great North Run in Newcastle upon Tyne and Great Manchester Run in Manchester in terms of the number of participants . The event has raised over £450 million for charity since 1981, and holds the Guinness world record as the largest annual fund raising event in the world, with the 2009 participants raising over £47.2 million for charity. In 2007, 78% of all runners raised money. In 2011 the official charity of the London Marathon was Oxfam. In 2014, the official charity was Anthony Nolan, and in 2015, it was Cancer Research UK.

is the movie shape of water based on a book The Shape of Water -- The idea for The Shape of Water formed during del Toro's breakfast with Daniel Kraus in 2011, with whom he later co-wrote the novel Trollhunters. It shows similarities to the 2015 short film The Space Between Us. It was also primarily inspired by del Toro's childhood memories of seeing Creature from the Black Lagoon and wanting to see the Gill-man and Kay Lawrence (played by Julie Adams) succeed in their romance. When del Toro was in talks with Universal to direct a remake of Creature from the Black Lagoon, he tried pitching a version focused more on the creature's perspective, where the Creature ended up together with the female lead, but the studio executives rejected the concept.

is the young and the restless going off the air The Young and the Restless -- Since its debut, The Young and the Restless has won nine Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Drama Series. It is also currently the highest-rated daytime drama on American television. As of 2008, it had appeared at the top of the weekly Nielsen ratings in that category for more than 1,000 weeks since 1988. As of December 12, 2013, according to Nielsen ratings, The Young and the Restless was the leading daytime drama for an unprecedented 1,300 weeks, or 25 years. The serial is also a sister series to The Bold and the Beautiful, as several actors have crossed over between shows. In June 2017, The Young and the Restless was renewed for three additional years.

is northern ireland the same as republic of ireland Northern Ireland -- Northern Ireland (Irish: Tuaisceart Éireann (ˈt̪ɣuəʃcəɾɣt̪ɣ ˈeːɾjən̪ɣ) ( listen); Ulster-Scots: Norlin Airlann) is a part of the United Kingdom in the north-east of the island of Ireland, variously described as a country, province or region. Northern Ireland shares a border to the south and west with the Republic of Ireland. In 2011, its population was 1,810,863, constituting about 30% of the island's total population and about 3% of the UK's population. Established by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 as part of the Good Friday Agreement, the Northern Ireland Assembly holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters, while other areas are reserved for the British government. Northern Ireland co-operates with the Republic of Ireland in some areas, and the Agreement granted the Republic the ability to ``put forward views and proposals'' with ``determined efforts to resolve disagreements between the two governments''.

is johnson and wales a for profit school Johnson & Wales University -- Johnson & Wales University (JWU) is an American private, nonprofit, co-educational, career-oriented university with one main and three branch campuses located throughout the United States. Providence, Rhode Island, is home to JWU's first, largest, and main campus. Founded as a business school in 1914 by Gertrude I. Johnson and Mary T. Wales, JWU currently has 15,063 students enrolled in business, arts & sciences, culinary arts, education, engineering, equine management, hospitality, and engineering technology programs across its campuses.

is the hunchback of notre dame real story The Hunchback of Notre-Dame -- Victor Hugo began writing Notre-Dame de Paris in 1829, largely to make his contemporaries more aware of the value of the Gothic architecture, which was neglected and often destroyed to be replaced by new buildings or defaced by replacement of parts of buildings in a newer style. For instance, the medieval stained glass panels of Notre-Dame de Paris had been replaced by white glass to let more light into the church. This explains the large descriptive sections of the book, which far exceed the requirements of the story. A few years earlier, Hugo had already published a paper entitled Guerre aux Démolisseurs (War to the Demolishers) specifically aimed at saving Paris' medieval architecture. The agreement with his original publisher, Gosselin, was that the book would be finished that same year, but Hugo was constantly delayed due to the demands of other projects. In the summer of 1830, Gosselin demanded that Hugo complete the book by February 1831. Beginning in September 1830, Hugo worked nonstop on the project thereafter. The book was finished six months later.

is a passphrase the same as a password Passphrase -- A passphrase is a sequence of words or other text used to control access to a computer system, program or data. A passphrase is similar to a password in usage, but is generally longer for added security. Passphrases are often used to control both access to, and operation of, cryptographic programs and systems, especially those that derive an encryption key from a passphrase. The origin of the term is by analogy with password. The modern concept of passphrases is believed to have been invented by Sigmund N. Porter in 1982.

is body of proof still on the air Body of Proof -- Body of Proof is an American medical drama television series that ran on ABC from March 29, 2011, to May 28, 2013, and starred Dana Delany as medical examiner Dr. Megan Hunt. The series was created by Chris Murphey and produced by ABC Studios. The show was canceled by ABC after three seasons.

is the empty set an element of the set containing the empty set Empty set -- In mathematics, and more specifically set theory, the empty set or null set is the unique set having no elements; its size or cardinality (count of elements in a set) is zero. Some axiomatic set theories ensure that the empty set exists by including an axiom of empty set; in other theories, its existence can be deduced. Many possible properties of sets are vacuously true for the empty set.

did kristen bell sing all the voices of anna Anna (Frozen) -- Princess Anna of Arendelle is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 53rd animated film Frozen. She is voiced by Kristen Bell as an adult. At the beginning of the film, Livvy Stubenrauch and Katie Lopez provided her speaking and singing voice as a young child, respectively. Agatha Lee Monn portrayed her as a nine-year-old (singing).

is snake eyes and storm shadow the same person Snake Eyes (G.I. Joe) -- Snake Eyes (also released as Snake-Eyes) is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books, and cartoon series. He is one of the original and most popular members of the G.I. Joe Team, and is most known for his relationships with Scarlett and Storm Shadow. Snake Eyes is one of the most prominent characters in the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero franchise, having appeared in every series of the franchise since its inception. He is portrayed by Ray Park in the 2009 live-action film G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, and the 2013 sequel G.I. Joe: Retaliation.

are there any flights where smoking is allowed Inflight smoking -- Inflight smoking is prohibited by almost all airlines. Smoking on domestic U.S. airliners, for instance, was banned on all domestic flights with a duration of two hours or less beginning in 1988, with all planes being smoke-free by the end of the 1990s. According to FAA regulations, smoking lit cigarettes or anything else that produces smoke or flame is prohibited onboard most commercial aircraft. As of October 2015, the USDOT prohibits the use of electronic cigarettes on flights, as well as such devices from being transported in checked luggage.

do all bacteria have peptidoglycan in their cell walls Peptidoglycan -- Peptidoglycan, also known as murein, is a polymer consisting of sugars and amino acids that forms a mesh-like layer outside the plasma membrane of most bacteria, forming the cell wall. The sugar component consists of alternating residues of β-(1,4) linked N-acetylglucosamine (NAG) and N-acetylmuramic acid (NAM) . Attached to the N-acetylmuramic acid is a peptide chain of three to five amino acids. The peptide chain can be cross-linked to the peptide chain of another strand forming the 3D mesh-like layer. Peptidoglycan serves a structural role in the bacterial cell wall, giving structural strength, as well as counteracting the osmotic pressure of the cytoplasm. A common misconception is that peptidoglycan gives the cell its shape; however, whereas peptidoglycan helps maintain the structural strength of the cell, it is actually the MreB protein that facilitates cell shape. Peptidoglycan is also involved in binary fission during bacterial cell reproduction.

is the gulf of mexico considered an ocean Gulf of Mexico -- The Gulf of Mexico (Spanish: Golfo de México) is an ocean basin and a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean, largely surrounded by the North American continent. It is bounded on the northeast, north and northwest by the Gulf Coast of the United States, on the southwest and south by Mexico, and on the southeast by Cuba. The U.S. states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida border the Gulf on the north, which are often referred to as the ``Third Coast'', in comparison with the U.S. Atlantic and Pacific coasts.

was the movie bridge on the river kwai a true story The Bridge on the River Kwai -- The Bridge on the River Kwai is a 1957 British-American epic war film directed by David Lean and based on the novel Le Pont de la Rivière Kwaï (1952) by Pierre Boulle. The film is a work of fiction that uses the historical setting of the construction of the Burma Railway in 1942--1943. The cast included William Holden, Jack Hawkins, and Alec Guinness and Sessue Hayakawa.

is the tale of despereaux a disney movie The Tale of Despereaux (film) -- The Tale of Despereaux is a 2008 British-American computer-animated adventure fantasy family film directed by Sam Fell and Robert Stevenhagen and produced by Gary Ross and Allison Thomas. Loosely based on the 2003 book of the same name by Kate DiCamillo, the movie is narrated by Sigourney Weaver and stars Matthew Broderick, Robbie Coltrane, Frances Conroy, Tony Hale, Ciarán Hinds, Dustin Hoffman, Richard Jenkins, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, William H. Macy, Charles Shaughnessy, Stanley Tucci, Tracey Ullman, and Emma Watson. It was released on December 19, 2008, by Universal Pictures. The movie is the second theatrically released computer-animated film distributed by Universal Studios. It was also produced by Universal Animation Studios, Framestore Feature Animation, and Relativity Media. The film grossed $86.9 million on a $60 million budget and received mixed reviews.

is it illegal to do fireworks in iowa Consumer fireworks -- The following states permit the sale of all or most types of consumer fireworks to residents: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Iowa, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, Wyoming (varies by county) and Georgia. Many of these states have selling seasons around the 4th of July and/or Christmas and New Year's Eve. Some of these states also allow local laws or regulations to further restrict the types permitted or the selling seasons.

is the titanic still the biggest ship ever built Seawise Giant -- Seawise Giant, later Happy Giant, Jahre Viking, Knock Nevis, Oppama, and finally Mont, was a ULCC supertanker that was the longest ship ever built. She possessed the greatest deadweight tonnage ever recorded. Fully loaded, her displacement was 657,019 tonnes (646,642 long tons; 724,239 short tons), the heaviest ship of any kind, and with a laden draft of 24.6 m (81 ft), she was incapable of navigating the English Channel, the Suez Canal or the Panama Canal. Overall, she is generally considered the largest ship ever built. She was sunk during the Iran--Iraq War, but was later salvaged and restored to service. She was last used as a floating storage and offloading unit (FSO) moored off the coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf at the Al Shaheen Oil Field.

do netherland dwarf rabbits like to be held Netherland Dwarf rabbit -- Due to their size and overall disposition, Netherlands Dwarfs often do not make good pets for children (although suitability will vary between individual rabbits). There is often a mismatch with small children, because they like to play with the pet or pick it up to cuddle with it. Dwarf rabbits do not like to be picked up or held tightly; and they can bite, scratch or struggle wildly if the child does so. This often leads to accidents if the child drops them out of fright, leading to major injuries because a rabbit has very fragile bones. Larger breeds of rabbits are recommended for children, because they have fewer issues with temperament.

is the legal drinking age a federal law National Minimum Drinking Age Act -- The National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 (23 U.S.C. § 158) was passed by the United States Congress on July 17, 1984. It was a controversial bill that punished every state that allowed persons below 21 years to purchase and publicly possess alcoholic beverages by reducing its annual federal highway apportionment by 10 percent. The law was later amended, lowering the penalty to 8 percent from fiscal year 2012 and beyond.

is a nissan frontier a 1/2 ton truck Truck classification -- This has led to categorizing trucks similarly, even if their payload is different. Therefore, the Toyota Tacoma, Dodge Dakota, Ford Ranger, Honda Ridgeline, Chevrolet S-10, GMC S-15 and Nissan Frontier are called quarter-tons (1⁄4-ton). The Ford F-150, Chevrolet C10/K10, Chevrolet/GMC 1500, Dodge 1500, Toyota Tundra, and Nissan Titan are half-tons (1⁄2-ton). The Ford F-250, Chevrolet C20/K20, Chevrolet/GMC 2500, and Dodge 2500 are three-quarter-tons (3⁄4-ton). Chevrolet/GMC's 3⁄4-ton suspension systems were further divided into light and heavy-duty, differentiated by 5-lug and 6 or 8-lug wheel hubs depending on year, respectively. The Ford F-350, Chevrolet C30/K30, Chevrolet/GMC 3500, and Dodge 3500 are one tons (1-ton).

is calcium chloride the same as calcium carbonate Calcium chloride -- In marine aquariums, calcium chloride is one way to introduce bioavailable calcium for calcium carbonate-shelled animals such as mollusks and some cnidarians. Calcium hydroxide (kalkwasser mix) or a calcium reactor can also be used.

can you be president if you were not born in the us Natural-born-citizen clause -- Status as a natural-born citizen of the United States is one of the eligibility requirements established in the United States Constitution for holding the office of President or Vice President. This requirement was intended to protect the nation from foreign influence.

was the lord of the rings originally one book The Lord of the Rings -- The work was initially intended by Tolkien to be one volume of a two-volume set, the other to be The Silmarillion, but this idea was dismissed by his publisher. For economic reasons, The Lord of the Rings was published in three volumes over the course of a year from 29 July 1954 to 20 October 1955. The three volumes were titled The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers and The Return of the King. Structurally, the novel is divided internally into six books, two per volume, with several appendices of background material included at the end. Some editions combine the entire work into a single volume. The Lord of the Rings has since been reprinted numerous times and translated into 38 languages.

did scotland win the world cup in 1978 Scotland at the FIFA World Cup -- After taking a single point from their opening two games, Scotland had to defeat the Netherlands by three clear goals to progress. Despite the Dutch taking the lead, Scotland fought back to win 3--2 with a goal from Kenny Dalglish and two from Archie Gemmill, the second of which is considered one of the greatest World Cup goals ever; Gemmill beat three Dutch defenders before lifting the ball over goalkeeper Jan Jongbloed into the net. The victory was not sufficient to secure a place in the second round, however, as Scotland were eliminated on goal difference for the second successive World Cup. This performance against strong opponents only heightened the frustration at the poor results earlier in the competition. MacLeod initially retained his position, but resigned later that year.

was till i collapse made for real steel 'Till I Collapse -- Although ``'Till I Collapse'' was not released as a single, when the single ``Shake That'' (also featuring Nate Dogg) was released in 2006, several Eminem songs re-charted that same week, including this one. It charted in the United Kingdom at number 192 on 15 April 2006. In 2008, it appeared in HBO's Oscar de la Hoya -- Manny Pacquiao 24/7. In 2009, it was used in an advert for the then-upcoming game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. It raised digital download sales of the song worldwide considerably, but in Britain the song sold so many copies after the advert aired that it re-charted that week (21 November 2009) at number 73, a new peak. During the 2010--11 NBA season, the song was used during the Cleveland Cavaliers' team introductions. Shane Mosley used this song as an entrance theme with his bout with Floyd Mayweather as did Shane Carwin for his bout against Junior dos Santos. Major League Baseball pitcher Jesse Litsch used the song as his entrance music during the 2011 season. The song has also been used in the credits of the Season 8 premiere of Entourage. It was also used in September 2011 in the trailer and soundtrack for the film Real Steel, and in trailers and TV spots for the Oliver Stone-directed film Savages.

can the president pardon someone convicted of a state crime Pardon -- The pardon power of the President extends only to an offense recognizable under federal law. However, the governors of most of the 50 states have the power to grant pardons or reprieves for offenses under state criminal law. In other states, that power is committed to an appointed agency or board, or to a board and the governor in some hybrid arrangement (in some states the agency is merged with that of the parole board, as in the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board).

did andy's mom die in child's play Child's Play 2 -- Meanwhile, Andy is now in foster care, due to his mother being in a mental hospital for supporting his story about Chucky. Andy is adopted by Phil (Gerrit Graham) and Joanne Simpson (Jenny Agutter). In his new home, Andy meets his new foster sister Kyle (Christine Elise).

do minutes of a meeting have to be approved Minutes -- Usually, one of the first items in an order of business or an agenda for a meeting is the reading and approval of the minutes from the previous meeting. If the members of the group agree (usually by unanimous consent) that the written minutes reflect what happened at the previous meeting, then they are approved, and the fact of their approval is recorded in the minutes of the current meeting. If there are significant errors or omissions, then the minutes may be redrafted and submitted again at a later date. Minor changes may be made immediately using the normal amendment procedures, and the amended minutes may be approved ``as amended''. It is normally appropriate to send a draft copy of the minutes to all the members in advance of the meeting so that the meeting is not delayed by a reading of the draft.

is hot springs arkansas sitting on a volcano Hot Springs National Park -- The heat comes from the natural heating of rocks as depth increases. The composition of the water indicates it is heated rainwater which has not approached a magmatic source, so no volcanic action is involved in the formation of these hot springs. The result is the mildly alkaline, pleasant tasting solution with dissolved calcium carbonate.

is the load the pivot point of a lever Lever -- A lever (/ˈliːvər/ or US: /ˈlɛvər/) is a simple machine consisting of a beam or rigid rod pivoted at a fixed hinge, or fulcrum. A lever is a rigid body capable of rotating on a point on itself. On the basis of the location of fulcrum, load and effort, the lever is divided into three types. It is one of the six simple machines identified by Renaissance scientists. A lever amplifies an input force to provide a greater output force, which is said to provide leverage. The ratio of the output force to the input force is the mechanical advantage of the lever.

is an architectural designer the same as an architect Architectural designer -- Architectural designers have skills similar to those of architects. However, they may not hold the same degree qualification and are generally not recognised by a statutory body. Depending on the jurisdiction, limitations may exist in projects in the work that an architectural designer is permitted to perform without direct supervision from a registered architect.

do you have to serve to score in tennis Tennis scoring system -- A game consists of a sequence of points played with the same player serving, and is won by the first side to have won at least four points with a margin of two points or more over their opponent. Normally the server's score is always called first and the opponent's score second. Score calling in tennis is unusual in that each point has a corresponding call that is different from its point value.

is income support the same as housing benefit Income Support -- Income Support is an income-related benefit in the United Kingdom for some people who are on a low income. Claimants of Income Support may be entitled to certain other benefits, for example, Housing Benefit, Council Tax Reduction, Child Benefit, Carer's Allowance, Child Tax Credit and help with health costs. A person with savings over £16,000 cannot get Income Support, and savings over £6,000 affect how much Income Support can be received. Claimants must be between 16 and Pension Credit age, work fewer than 16 hours a week, and have a reason why they are not actively seeking work (caring for a child under 5 years old or someone who receives a specified disability benefit).

can you choose who is your next of kin Next of kin -- ``American statutes typically provide that, in absence of issue and subject to the share of a surviving spouse, intestate property passes to the parents or to the surviving parent of the decedent''. Under the civil law system of computation and its various modified forms that are widely adopted by statute in the United States, ``a claimant's degree of kinship is the total of (1) the number of the steps, counting one from each generation, from the decedent up to the nearest common ancestor of the decedent and the claimant, and (2) the number of steps from the common ancestor down to the claimant.'' ``The claimant having the lowest degree count (i.e., the nearest or next of kin) is entitled to the property.'' ``If there are two or more claimants who stand in equal degree of kinship to the decedent, they share per capita.''

can you move a queen like a knight Queen (chess) -- During the 15th century the queen's move took its modern form as a combination of the move of the rook and the current move of the bishop. Starting from Spain, this new version -- called ``queen's chess'' (scacchi de la donna), or pejoratively ``madwoman's chess'' (scacchi alla rabiosa) -- spread throughout Europe rapidly, partly due to the advent of the printing press and the popularity of new books on chess. The new rules faced a backlash in some quarters, ranging from anxiety over a powerful female warrior figure to frank abuse against women in general.

can non violent felons own guns in indiana Gun laws in Indiana -- Both Indiana and Federal laws restrict purchase and possession under certain circumstances. Federal law prohibits possession of firearms for life by those convicted of felonies and for those convicted of misdemeanors involving domestic violence. Indiana law prohibits as follows:

is this the final season of walking dead tv show The Walking Dead (TV series) -- Executive producer David Alpert said in 2014 that the original comics have given them enough ideas for Rick Grimes and company over the next seven years. ``I happen to love working from source material, specifically because we have a pretty good idea of what Season 10 is gonna be'', Alpert said. ``We know where seasons 11 and 12 (will be)... we have benchmarks and milestones for those seasons if we're lucky enough to get there.'' In September 2018, AMC CEO Josh Sapan stated that they plan on continuing The Walking Dead franchise for another 10 years, including new films and TV series based on the original comic book series.

did tom hardy won an oscar for the revenant List of awards and nominations received by Tom Hardy -- The following is a list of awards and nominations received by English actor Tom Hardy. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the 2015 film The Revenant. He also won the 2011 BAFTA Rising Star Award, and has twice won the British Independent Film Award for Best Actor, for Bronson (2009) and Legend (2015).

does britain have the right to bear arms Right to keep and bear arms -- The right to keep and bear arms is not legally or constitutionally protected in the United Kingdom. Most handguns, automatic, and centerfire semi-automatic weapons are illegal to possess without special proviso.

is los cabos the same as cabo san lucas Cabo San Lucas -- Cabo San Lucas (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkaβo san ˈlukas), Cape Saint Luke), commonly called Cabo in English, is a resort city at the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. As of 2015, the population of the city was 81,111 inhabitants. Cabo San Lucas together with San José del Cabo is known as Los Cabos. Together they form a metropolitan area of 305,983 inhabitants.

is black cumin seed same as black seed Nigella sativa -- Nigella sativa (black caraway, also known as black cumin, nigella, and kalonji) is an annual flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae, native to south and southwest Asia.

is modified release the same as prolonged release Modified-release dosage -- Modified-release dosage is a mechanism that (in contrast to immediate-release dosage) delivers a drug with a delay after its administration (delayed-release dosage) or for a prolonged period of time (extended-release (ER, XR, XL) dosage) or to a specific target in the body (targeted-release dosage).

are sperm whales on the endangered species list Sperm whale -- Remaining sperm whale populations are large enough that the species' conservation status is rated as vulnerable rather than endangered. However, the recovery from centuries of commercial whaling is a slow process, particularly in the South Pacific, where the toll on breeding-age males was severe.

is han alive in fast and furious 7 Han Lue -- Han's death is seen again in Furious 7 through archival footage from The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift and Fast & Furious 6, occurring the same time a bomb package delivered to Dominic's house goes off. Han's death was the reason Dominic appeared in Tokyo at the end of Tokyo Drift - to retrieve his body back to Los Angeles for burial. After racing with Sean Boswell, Dominic receives several of Han's personal items, including a photo of Gisele. The crew attended Han's funeral in Los Angeles a few days later, with Dominic spying Han's killer Deckard Shaw watching from a distance, and giving chase, leading to their confrontation.

can a home team win by 2 in extra innings Extra innings -- Ordinarily, a baseball game consists of nine innings (in softball and high school baseball games there are typically seven innings; in Little League Baseball, six), each of which is divided into halves: the visiting team bats first, after which the home team takes its turn at bat. However, if the score remains tied at the end of the regulation number of complete innings, the rules provide that ``play shall continue until (1) the visiting team has scored more total runs than the home team at the end of a completed inning; or (2) the home team scores the winning run in an uncompleted inning.'' (Since the home team bats second, condition (2) implies that the visiting team will not have the opportunity to score more runs before the end of the inning.)

is there an airport in fort walton beach florida Destin–Fort Walton Beach Airport -- Destin--Fort Walton Beach Airport (IATA: VPS, ICAO: KVPS, FAA LID: VPS) is an airport located within Eglin Air Force Base, near Destin and Fort Walton Beach in Okaloosa County, Florida. No private aircraft are allowed, so Destin Executive Airport is used instead for non-commercial operations by general aviation and business aircraft. The airport was previously named Northwest Florida Regional Airport until February 17, 2015 and Okaloosa Regional Airport until September 2008.

will there be a season 2 of soredemo sekai wa utsukushii The World Is Still Beautiful -- The World Is Still Beautiful, also in subtitle as Still World Is Beautiful (Japanese: それでも世界は美しい, Hepburn: Soredemo Sekai wa Utsukushii, lit. ``Even So, The World is Beautiful'') is a Japanese manga series by Dai Shiina, serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume from 2012. Soredemo Sekai wa Utsukushii was first published as a one-shot in the same magazine in 2009, with a second one-shot published in 2011. It has been collected in 14 tankōbon volumes as of October 2016. An anime television series adaptation by Pierrot aired between April 6, 2014 and June 29, 2014 on NTV.

can you get on the internet with a playstation 2 PlayStation 2 online functionality -- Playing online games requires that users set up the system's network connection configuration, which is saved to a memory card. This can be done with the network Startup Disk that came with the network adapter or using one of the many games that had the utility built into them, such as Resident Evil Outbreak, to set up the network settings. The new slimline PlayStation 2 came with a disk in the box by default. The last version of the disk was network startup disk 5.0, which was included with the newer SCPH 90004 model released in 2009. However, as of December 31, 2012, the PlayStation 2 has been discontinued, and the servers for games have all since been shut down.

is call of duty world at war based on world war 1 Call of Duty: World at War -- Call of Duty: World at War is a first-person shooter video game developed by Treyarch and published by Activision. It was released for Microsoft Windows, the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii in November 2008. It is the fifth mainstream game of the Call of Duty series and returns the setting to World War II. The game is also the first title in the Black Ops story line. World at War received ports featuring different storyline versions, while remaining in the World War II setting, for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation 2. A Windows Mobile version was also made available by Glu Mobile.

are greenwich village and the west village the same Greenwich Village -- The neighborhood is bordered by Broadway to the east, the North River (part of the Hudson River) to the west, Houston Street to the south, and 14th Street to the north, and roughly centered on Washington Square Park and New York University. The neighborhoods surrounding it are the East Village and NoHo to the east, SoHo to the south, and Chelsea to the north. The East Village was formerly considered part of the Lower East Side and has never been considered a part of Greenwich Village. The western part of Greenwich Village is known as the West Village; the dividing line of its eastern border is debated. Some believe it starts at Seventh Avenue and its southern extension, a border to the west of which the neighborhood changes substantially in character and becomes heavily residential. Others say the West Village starts one avenue further east at Sixth Avenue, where the east-west streets in the city's grid plan start to orient themselves on an angle to the traditionally perpendicular grid plan occupying most of Manhattan. The Far West Village is another sub-neighborhood of Greenwich Village that is bordered on its west by the Hudson River and on its east by Hudson Street. Greenwich Village is located in New York's 10th congressional district, New York's 25th State Senate district, New York's 66th State Assembly district, and New York City Council's 3rd district.

is it healthy to be a sumo wrestler Sumo -- The negative health effects of the sumo lifestyle can become apparent later in life. Sumo wrestlers have a life expectancy between 60 and 65, more than 10 years shorter than the average Japanese male, as the diet and sport take a toll on the wrestler's body. Many develop diabetes or high blood pressure, and they are prone to heart attacks due to the enormous amount of body mass and fat that they accumulate. The excessive intake of alcohol can lead to liver problems and the stress on their joints due to their excess weight can cause arthritis. Recently, the standards of weight gain are becoming less strict, in an effort to improve the overall health of the wrestlers.

is the everglades the largest swamp in north america Everglades -- Though The Big Cypress is the largest growth of cypress swamps in South Florida, cypress swamps can be found near the Atlantic Coastal Ridge and between Lake Okeechobee and the Eastern flatwoods, as well as in sawgrass marshes. Cypresses are deciduous conifers that are uniquely adapted to thrive in flooded conditions, with buttressed trunks and root projections that protrude out of the water, called ``knees''. Bald cypress trees grow in formations with the tallest and thickest trunks in the center, rooted in the deepest peat. As the peat thins out, cypresses grow smaller and thinner, giving the small forest the appearance of a dome from the outside. They also grow in strands, slightly elevated on a ridge of limestone bordered on either side by sloughs. Other hardwood trees can be found in cypress domes, such as red maple, swamp bay, and pop ash. If cypresses are removed, the hardwoods take over, and the ecosystem is recategorized as a mixed swamp forest.

do dalmatians have spots when they are born Dalmatian dog -- Dalmatian puppies are born with plain white coats and their first spots usually appear within 3 to 4 weeks after birth, however spots are visible on their skin. After about a month, they have most of their spots, although they continue to develop throughout life at a much slower rate. Spots usually range in size from 30 to 60 mm, and are most commonly black or brown (liver) on a white background. Other, more rare colors, include blue (a blue-grayish color), brindle, mosaic, tricolor-ed (with tan spotting on the eyebrows, cheeks, legs, and chest), and orange or lemon (dark to pale yellow). Patches of color may appear anywhere on the body, mostly on the head or ears, and usually, consist of a solid color. Patches are visible at birth and are not a group of connected spots and are identifiable by the smooth edge of the patch.

are diary of a wimpy kid books graphic novels Diary of a Wimpy Kid -- Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a satirical realistic fiction comedy novel for children and teenagers written and illustrated by Jeff Kinney. It is the first book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. The book is about a boy named Greg Heffley and his struggles to fit in as he begins middle school.

is scottish law the same as english law Scots law -- Scots law is the legal system of Scotland. It is a hybrid or mixed legal system containing civil law and common law elements, that traces its roots to a number of different historical sources. Together with English law and Northern Irish law, it is one of the three legal systems of the United Kingdom.

is nacho from better call saul in breaking bad Nacho Varga -- Nacho did not appear in Breaking Bad, but is named in the second season episode ``Better Call Saul'', the same episode that introduced Saul Goodman. In the episode ``Better Call Saul'', Walter White and Jesse Pinkman threaten Saul at gunpoint into representing Badger after Badger is arrested for selling drugs. Unaware who his captors are, Saul tries to pin some type of blame on ``Ignacio'', who is later confirmed by producers to be the same person as the character Nacho Varga who appears in the series Better Call Saul.

can you travel internationally with a passport card United States Passport Card -- The U.S. Passport Card is the de facto national identification card of the United States and a limited travel document issued by the federal government of the United States in the size of a credit card. Like a U.S. passport book, the passport card is only issued to U.S. citizens and U.S. nationals exclusively by the U.S. Department of State and is compliant to the standards for identity documents set by the REAL ID Act and can be used as proof of U.S. citizenship. The passport card's intended primary purpose is for identification and to allow cardholders to travel by domestic air flights within the United States and to enter and exit the United States via land and sea between member states of the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative (WHTI). However, the passport card cannot be used for international air travel.

is saigon cinnamon the same as regular cinnamon Saigon cinnamon -- Saigon cinnamon (Cinnamomum loureiroi, also known as Vietnamese cinnamon or Vietnamese cassia and quế trà my, quế thanh, or `` quế trà bồng'' in Vietnam) is an evergreen tree indigenous to mainland Southeast Asia. Despite its name, Saigon cinnamon is more closely related to cassia (C. cassia) than to cinnamon (C. verum, ``true cinnamon'', Ceylon cinnamon), though in the same genus as both. Saigon cinnamon has 1-5% essential oil in content and 25% cinnamaldehyde in essential oil, which is the highest of all the cinnamon species. Consequently, among the species, Saigon cinnamon commands relatively high price.

do in n out burgers come with pickles In-N-Out Burger products -- All burgers consist of zero (in the case of a 'grilled cheese') or more 2 oz (57 g) beef patties cooked to ``medium-well'', and served on a toasted bun. The standard style of burger includes tomato, hand-leafed lettuce and ``spread'', a sauce similar to Thousand Island dressing.

do you have to call the pocket in 9 ball Nine-ball -- In nine-ball, except when a push-out has been invoked, a legal shot consists of striking the cue ball into the lowest numbered object ball on the table and subsequently either pocketing an object ball, or driving any ball (including the cue ball) to any rail, otherwise the shot is a foul . Additional conditions apply for the break shot (see below). Object balls do not have to be pocketed in numerical order; Any ball may be pocketed at any time during the game, so long as the lowest-numbered ball is contacted first by the cue ball. Nine-ball is not a call shot game. The 9-ball itself can be legally pocketed for a win at any turn in the game, intentionally or by chance, including the break shot. Conversely, a player could potentially pocket all of the object balls numbered one through eight during the course of the game and lose after the other player pockets only the nine-ball.

do jj and reid date in criminal minds Spencer Reid -- Reid is close to JJ, Morgan, and Emily Prentiss. JJ asks him to be godfather to her new born son Henry, and is the only one on the team who calls him ``Spence.'' It is implied in ``Plain Sight'' that Reid may have a slight crush on JJ, and Gideon even prods him to ask out JJ after giving him Washington Redskins football tickets for his birthday, but nothing comes from it, and they continue with their brother-sister relationship. However, Reid is very protective of her, and often blames himself if she is injured; even if there was nothing he could have done to prevent it. In ``Closing Time'', after she arrests an unsub, but gets hurt in the process, Spencer is seen counting her injuries as she sits in the ambulance and tells the paramedic that she should be going to get a CAT scan. Reid also shares a brotherly friendship with Derek Morgan. In season seven, he is comfortable enough to start a joke war with him, something that he probably would never do with anyone else, and he occasionally confides his secrets to Morgan. It is suggested in the episode ``Epilogue'' that Reid told Derek details about what Tobias Hankel did to him when he makes a remark about seeing the afterlife before Tobias saved him. Morgan looks surprised and says ``You never told me that.'' In the episode ``Elephant's Memory'', when approached by a fully armed Owen Savage, the unsub whom Reid identifies with, Reid gives Prentiss his gun and trusts her enough to back him up and not shoot at Owen as he tries talking Owen down. Although not shown, it is implied Reid and Prentiss spend time together outside of work heavily, along with riding the train home together when they return from cases. Prentiss is the only one who has beat Reid at poker, even correcting his statistic about her particular poker move. Reid and Prentiss are held hostage by a cult led by Benjamin Cyrus (portrayed by Luke Perry). Though he is not injured, Reid struggles with guilt over ``allowing'' Prentiss's beating at the hands of Cyrus in ``Minimal Loss''. Reid later becomes close to Alex Blake, whose forensic linguistics class he guest lectures in. Blake serves as a maternal figure within the BAU.

did the cincinnati bengals ever win a superbowl Cincinnati Bengals -- The Bengals are one of the 12 NFL teams to not have won a Super Bowl as of the 2017 season; however, they are also one of 8 NFL teams that have been to at least one Super Bowl, but have not won the game.

will one tree hill return for season 10 One Tree Hill (season 9) -- The ninth and final season of One Tree Hill, an American television series created by Mark Schwahn for The WB Television Network. The series was officially renewed by The CW for a ninth season on May 17, 2011; two days later, the network announced that the ninth season would serve as the series' final season. Premiering on January 11, 2012, the series aired its 13 episodes uninterrupted.

did lil dicky write all of freaky friday Freaky Friday (song) -- ``Freaky Friday'' is a song recorded by American rapper Lil Dicky, featuring guest vocals from American singer Chris Brown and uncredited vocals from Ed Sheeran, DJ Khaled, and Kendall Jenner. Written by Dicky, Brown, Cashmere Cat, Lewis Hughes, Wilbart McCoy III, Ammo and its producers DJ Mustard, Benny Blanco and Twice as Nice, it was released by Dirty Burd on March 15, 2018, alongside its music video. The song topped the charts in the United Kingdom and New Zealand, and peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100. The song has also reached the top ten of the charts in Australia, Canada and Ireland.

is there going to be a sequel to the death cure Maze Runner: The Death Cure -- In March 2015, it was confirmed that T.S. Nowlin, who co-wrote the first and wrote the second film, would adapt Maze Runner: The Death Cure. On September 16, 2015, it was confirmed that Ball would return to direct the final film.

is a bumble bee and a honey bee the same Bumblebee -- Most bumblebees are social insects that form colonies with a single queen. The colonies are smaller than those of honey bees, growing to as few as 50 individuals in a nest. Cuckoo bumblebees are brood parasitic and do not make nests; their queens aggressively invade the nests of other bumblebee species, kill the resident queens and then lay their own eggs, which are cared for by the resident workers. Cuckoo bumblebees were previously classified as a separate genus, but are now usually treated as members of Bombus.

can all xbox 360 games be played on xbox one List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- The Xbox One gaming console has received updates from Microsoft since its launch in 2013 that enable it to play select games from its two predecessor consoles, Xbox and Xbox 360. On June 15, 2015, backward compatibility with supported Xbox 360 games became available to eligible Xbox Preview program users with a beta update to the Xbox One system software. The dashboard update containing backward compatibility was released publicly on November 12, 2015. On October 24, 2017, another such update added games from the original Xbox library. The following is a list of all backward compatible games on Xbox One under this functionality.

is fear the walking dead the same as the walking dead Fear the Walking Dead -- Fear the Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror drama television series created by Robert Kirkman and Dave Erickson, that premiered on AMC on August 23, 2015. It is a companion series and prequel to The Walking Dead, which is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.

is there an amtrak station in pensacola florida Pensacola station (Amtrak) -- Pensacola station is a former train station in Pensacola, Florida. It was served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system. The station served as a replacement for the former Louisville and Nashville Passenger Station and Express Building. Service has been suspended since Hurricane Katrina struck Pensacola in 2005. However, service is proposed to return in the near future, bringing back the Sunset Limited to this station.

is soy sauce and worcester sauce the same Worcestershire sauce -- The ``flavourings'' are believed to include cloves, soy sauce, lemons, pickles and peppers.

does the statute of limitations apply to all crimes Statute of limitations -- Crimes considered heinous by society have no statute of limitations. Although there is usually no statute of limitations for murder (particularly first-degree murder), judges have been known to dismiss murder charges in cold cases if they feel the delay violates the defendant's right to a speedy trial. For example, waiting many years for an alibi witness to die before commencing a murder trial would be unconstitutional. In 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court in Stogner v. California ruled that the retroactive extension of the statute of limitations for sexual offenses committed against minors was an unconstitutional ex post facto law.

was america the first country to have a president President -- The first usage of the word president to denote the highest official in a government was during the Commonwealth of England. After the abolition of the monarchy the English Council of State, whose members were elected by the House of Commons, became the executive government of the Commonwealth. The Council of State was the successor of the Privy Council, which had previously been headed by the Lord President; its successor the Council of State was also headed by a Lord President, the first of which was John Bradshaw. However, the Lord President alone was not head of state, because that office was vested in the council as a whole.

was good times a spin off of the jeffersons Good Times -- Good Times is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from February 8, 1974, to August 1, 1979. Created by Eric Monte and Mike Evans, and developed by Norman Lear, the series' primary executive producer, it was television's first African American two-parent family sitcom. Good Times was billed as a spin-off of Maude, which was itself a spin-off of All in the Family.

is a lieutenant colonel higher than a colonel Lieutenant colonel (United States) -- In the United States Army, U.S. Marine Corps, and U.S. Air Force, a lieutenant colonel is a field grade military officer rank just above the rank of major and just below the rank of colonel. It is equivalent to the naval rank of commander in the other uniformed services.

do red slider turtles lay eggs in water Red-eared slider -- After mating, the female spends extra time basking to keep her eggs warm. She may also have a change of diet, eating only certain foods, or not eating as much as she normally would. A female can lay between two and 30 eggs depending on body size and other factors. One female can lay up to five clutches in the same year, and clutches are usually spaced 12 to 36 days apart. The time between mating and egg-laying can be days or weeks. The actual egg fertilization takes place during the egg-laying. This process also permits the laying of fertile eggs the following season, as the sperm can remain viable and available in the female's body in the absence of mating. During the last weeks of gestation, the female spends less time in the water and smells and scratches at the ground, indicating she is searching for a suitable place to lay her eggs. The female excavates a hole, using her hind legs, and lays her eggs in it.

is port louis mauritius in the atlantic or pacific ocean Port Louis -- The economy of the city is mostly dominated by its financial centre, port facilities, tourism and the manufacturing sector which include textiles, chemicals, plastics and pharmaceuticals. Port Louis is home to the biggest port facility in the Indian Ocean region and one of Africa's major financial centers.

has serbia ever won the fifa world cup Serbia at the FIFA World Cup -- From the 1930 FIFA World Cup to the 1938 FIFA World Cup, Serbia was part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, and afterwards, from the 1950 FIFA World Cup to the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Serbia was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, both of which competed in the world cup. From the 1994 FIFA World Cup to the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Serbia played with Montenegro. From 2006 to the present, Serbia played as an independent country. After the dissolution of the SFRY, Serbia has not made it to the knockout stages.

is a savannah cat the same as a bengal Savannah cat -- F1 and F2 generations are usually the largest, due to the stronger genetic influence of the African serval ancestor. As with other hybrid cats such as the Chausie and Bengal cat, most first generation cats will possess many or all of the serval's exotic looking traits, while these traits often diminish in later generations. Male Savannahs tend to be larger than females.

is the electron transport chain and oxidative phosphorylation the same thing Oxidative phosphorylation -- During oxidative phosphorylation, electrons are transferred from electron donors to electron acceptors such as oxygen, in redox reactions. These redox reactions release energy, which is used to form ATP. In eukaryotes, these redox reactions are carried out by a series of protein complexes within the inner membrane of the cell's mitochondria, whereas, in prokaryotes, these proteins are located in the cells' intermembrane space. These linked sets of proteins are called electron transport chains. In eukaryotes, five main protein complexes are involved, whereas in prokaryotes many different enzymes are present, using a variety of electron donors and acceptors.

are the two chromosomes in a pair identical Homologous chromosome -- Chromosomes are linear arrangements of condensed deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and histone proteins, which form a complex called chromatin. Homologous chromosomes are made up of chromosome pairs of approximately the same length, centromere position, and staining pattern, for genes with the same corresponding loci. One homologous chromosome is inherited from the organism's mother; the other is inherited from the organism's father. After mitosis occurs within the daughter cells, they have the correct number of genes which are a mix of the two parents' genes. In diploid (2n) organisms, the genome is composed of one set of each homologous chromosome pair, as compared to tetraploid organisms which may have two sets of each homologous chromosome pair. The alleles on the homologous chromosomes may be different, resulting in different phenotypes of the same genes. This mixing of maternal and paternal traits is enhanced by crossing over during meiosis, wherein lengths of chromosomal arms and the DNA they contain within a homologous chromosome pair are exchanged with one another.

are swift codes and bsb numbers the same Bank state branch -- A Bank State Branch (often referred to as ``BSB'') is the name used in Australia for a bank code, which is a branch identifier. The BSB is normally used in association with the account number system used by each financial institution. The structure of the BSB + account number does not permit for account numbers to be transferable between financial institutions. While similar in structure, the New Zealand and Australian systems are only used in domestic transactions and are incompatible with each other. For international transfers, a SWIFT code is used in addition to the BSB and account number.

is the ball dead on an infield fly Infield fly rule -- If ``infield fly'' is called and the fly ball is caught, it is treated exactly as an ordinary caught fly ball; the batter is out, there is no force, and the runners must tag up. On the other hand, if ``infield fly'' is called and the ball lands fair without being caught, the batter is still out, there is still no force, but the runners are not required to tag up. In either case, the ball is live, and the runners may advance on the play, at their own peril.

is there such thing as a blue ruby Ruby -- Color: In the evaluation of colored gemstones, color is the most important factor. Color divides into three components: hue, saturation and tone. Hue refers to color as we normally use the term. Transparent gemstones occur in the pure spectral hues of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet. In nature, there are rarely pure hues, so when speaking of the hue of a gemstone, we speak of primary and secondary and sometimes tertiary hues. Ruby is defined to be red. All other hues of the gem species corundum are called sapphire. Ruby may exhibit a range of secondary hues, including orange, purple, violet, and pink.

is the republic of ireland in the uk Republic of Ireland -- Ireland (Irish: Éire (ˈeːɾjə) ( listen)), also known as the Republic of Ireland (Poblacht na hÉireann), is a sovereign state in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland. The capital and largest city is Dublin, which is located on the eastern part of the island, and whose metropolitan area is home to around a third of the country's 4.8 million inhabitants. The state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom. It is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the Celtic Sea to the south, Saint George's Channel to the south-east, and the Irish Sea to the east. It is a unitary, parliamentary republic. The legislature, the Oireachtas, consists of a lower house, Dáil Éireann, an upper house, Seanad Éireann, and an elected President (Uachtarán) who serves as the largely ceremonial head of state, but with some important powers and duties. The head of government is the Taoiseach (Prime Minister, literally 'Chief', a title not used in English), who is elected by the Dáil and appointed by the President; the Taoiseach in turn appoints other government ministers.

is there a roman catholic cathedral in dublin St Mary's Pro-Cathedral -- The city of Dublin possesses two cathedrals, but unusually, both belong to one church, the minority Church of Ireland, which up until 1871 had been the religion of establishment in Ireland. In contrast, the majority religion in Ireland, Roman Catholicism, has no cathedral in Ireland's capital city and has not had one since the Reformation, when the Church of Ireland was founded following Henry VIII's break from Rome. As the official church, the Church of Ireland took control of most church property, including the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity (generally known as Christchurch) and St. Patrick's Cathedral. These two churches had long shared the role of cathedral of Dublin, controversially at first, then under an agreement of 1300, Pacis Compositio, which gave Christchurch formal precedence, including the right to enthrone the Archbishop and to hold his cross, mitre and ring after death, but with deceased Archbishops of Dublin to be buried alternately in each of the two cathedrals, unless they personally willed otherwise, and the two cathedrals to act as one, and ``shared equally in their freedoms''.

did england beat belgium in the world cup Belgium at the FIFA World Cup -- Their fourth place finish in the 1986 was their best placement in their World Cup history, until 2018 when they finished third after beating England (2-0) in Saint Petersburg.

is pokemon lets go eevee a spin off Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Let's Go, Eevee! -- Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee! are upcoming role-playing video games (RPGs) developed by Game Freak and published by The Pokémon Company and Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. The games are the first installments of the main Pokémon RPG series for the Nintendo Switch. They are enhanced remakes of the 1998 video game Pokémon Yellow. They will also contain influences from Pokémon Go, as well as integration with Go, and will support a new optional controller called the Poké Ball Plus. The games are scheduled to be released worldwide on November 16, 2018.

is riviera maya on the gulf of mexico Riviera Maya -- The Riviera Maya (Spanish pronunciation: (ri'βjeɾa 'maʝa)) is a tourism and resort district south of Cancun, Mexico. It straddles the coastal Fed 307, along the Caribbean coastline of the state of Quintana Roo, located in the eastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula. Historically, this district started at the city of Playa del Carmen and ended at the village of Tulum, although the towns of Puerto Morelos, situated to the north of Playa del Carmen, as well as the town of Felipe Carrillo Puerto, situated 40 kilometres (25 mi) to the south of Tulum, are both currently being promoted as part of the Riviera Maya tourist corridor.

are the ford ka and fiat 500 the same Ford Ka -- The main mechanical differentiator between the new Ka and its Fiat sibling is that the Ford has better shock absorption than the Fiat 500. Fitting a rear anti-roll bar enabled 30 percent softer springs and accordingly retuned dampers to improve ride performance over uneven road surfaces. Some of these improvements were subsequently adopted on Fiat 500 Abarth and Fiat 500C models. Changes were also made to the 500's steering geometry for the Ka, although as the new Ka uses an electrically assisted steering system, it lacks the communication of its predecessor's hydraulically assisted steering. However, the electric steering system does make the steering much lighter and more energy efficient than its predecessor.

is it legal to smoke weed in ireland Cannabis in Ireland -- Cannabis in Ireland is illegal for recreational purposes. Use for medical purposes requires case-by-case approval by the Minister for Health. A bill to legalise medical uses of cannabis passed second reading in Dáil Éireann (lower house) in December 2016.

do i need a visa to visit svalbard Visa policy of Svalbard -- Uniquely, the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard is an entirely visa-free zone. Everybody may live and work in Svalbard indefinitely regardless of country of citizenship. The Svalbard Treaty grants treaty nationals equal right of abode as Norwegian nationals. Non-treaty nationals may live and work indefinitely visa-free as well. Per Sefland, then Governor of Svalbard, said ``It has been a chosen policy so far that we haven't made any difference between the treaty citizens and those from outside the treaty''. ``Regulations concerning rejection and expulsion from Svalbard'' are in force on a non-discriminatory basis. Grounds for exclusion include lack of means of support, and violation of laws or regulations. Same-day visa-free transit at Oslo Airport is possible when travelling on non-stop flights to Svalbard.

is wordpad the same thing as microsoft word WordPad -- WordPad is a basic word processor that is included with almost all versions of Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 onwards. It is more advanced than Microsoft Notepad but simpler than Microsoft Works Word Processor and Microsoft Word. It replaced Microsoft Write.

do you have to pay to watch the itv hub ITV Hub -- The service started out as a website before being extended to television and other platforms. Initially the website version used Microsoft Silverlight as opposed to Adobe Flash (used by BBC iPlayer and Channel 4's 4oD) and Windows Media Video. ITV adopted Flash for its player on 15 September 2009. In November 2009 the website was revamped again improving navigation as well as making the site more visually appealing. The service is free to use funded by pre-, mid- and post-roll adverts. Previously users have been able to use ad-blocking software to skip the adverts shown. During Summer 2010, the ITV website was upgraded to detect ad-blocking software. Video is sent at multiple bit rates and uses adaptive technology in the player to best determine rate based on users connection.

does a jury have to have 12 members Jury -- The size of the jury is to provide a ``cross-section'' of the public. In Williams v. Florida, 399 U.S. 78 (1970), the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that a Florida state jury of six was sufficient, that ``the 12-man panel is not a necessary ingredient of ``trial by jury,'' and that respondent's refusal to impanel more than the six members provided for by Florida law ``did not violate petitioner's Sixth Amendment rights as applied to the States through the Fourteenth.'' In Ballew v. Georgia, 435 U.S. 223 (1978), the Supreme Court ruled that the number of jurors could not be reduced below six.

is contemporary dance the same as modern dance Modern dance -- Contemporary dance emerged in the 1950s as the dance form that is combining the modern dance elements and the classical ballet elements. It can use elements from non-Western dance cultures, such as African dancing with bent knees as a characteristic trait, and Butoh, Japanese contemporary dancing that developed in the 1950s. It is also derived from modern European themes like poetic and everyday elements, broken lines, nonlinear movements, and repetition. Many contemporary dancers are trained daily in classical ballet to keep up with the technicality of the choreography given. These dancers tend to follow ideas of efficient bodily movement, taking up space, and attention to detail. Contemporary dance today includes both concert and commercial dance because of the lines being blurred by pop culture and television shows. According to Treva Bedinghaus,``Modern dancers use dancing to express their innermost emotions, often to get closer to their inner-selves. Before attempting to choreograph a routine, the modern dancer decides which emotions to try to convey to the audience. Many modern dancers choose a subject near and dear to their hearts, such as a lost love or a personal failure. The dancer will choose music that relates to the story they wish to tell, or choose to use no music at all, and then choose a costume to reflect their chosen emotions.''

is high dependency the same as intensive care High dependency unit -- A high dependency unit is an area in a hospital, usually located close to the intensive care unit, where patients can be cared for more extensively than on a normal ward, but not to the point of intensive care. It is appropriate for patients who have had major surgery and for those with single-organ failure. Many of these units were set up in the 1990s when hospitals found that a proportion of patients was requiring a level of care that could not be delivered in a normal ward setting. This is thought to be associated with a reduction in mortality. Patients may be admitted to an HDU bed because they are at risk of requiring intensive care admission, or as a step-down between intensive care and ward-based care.

is avicii the guy in the nights video The Nights -- On 15 December 2014, the official music video for ``The Nights'' was released on YouTube and premiered on the front page of Yahoo Music. The video was produced, directed by, and stars ``professional life liver'' Rory Kramer, who filmed an exuberant action-packed recollection of his own life on roller coasters, surfing, snowboarding, skateboarding, balloon flying, making a four door convertible out of a Toyota, etc. -- living a life to be remembered.

do they find kate in a child in time The Child in Time -- Stephen experiences a strange event that he cannot explain: he sees his parents as a young couple in a pub, before they married. The book also deals with his grief and eventually his painful acceptance of the loss of his child.

will being flat footed keep you out of the military Flat feet -- Studies analyzing the correlation between flat feet and physical injuries in soldiers have been inconclusive, but none suggests that flat feet are an impediment, at least in soldiers who reached the age of military recruitment without prior foot problems. Instead, in this population, there is a suggestion of more injury in high arched feet. A 2005 study of Royal Australian Air Force recruits that tracked the recruits over the course of their basic training found that neither flat feet nor high arched feet had any impact on physical functioning, injury rates or foot health. If anything, there was a tendency for those with flat feet to have fewer injuries. Another study of 295 Israel Defense Forces recruits found that those with high arches suffered almost four times as many stress fractures as those with the lowest arches. A later study of 449 U.S. Navy special warfare trainees found no significant difference in the incidence of stress fractures among sailors and Marines with different arch heights.

is gdp per capita same as per capita income Per capita income -- Per capita income is often used c measure an area's average income. This is used to see the wealth of the population with those of others. Per capita income is often used to measure a country's standard of living. It is usually expressed in terms of a commonly used international currency such as the euro or United States dollar, and is useful because it is widely known, is easily calculable from readily available gross domestic product (GDP) and population estimates, and produces a useful statistic for comparison of wealth between sovereign territories. This helps to ascertain a country's development status. It is one of the three measures for calculating the Human Development Index of a country.

is yg and yo gotti the same person YG (rapper) -- In 2012, he announced his debut album, then titled I'm 4rm Bompton, would be exclusively produced by rapper Syla$. Later in June 2013, he revealed that Jeezy's record label CTE World would release the album. He was then featured on Yo Gotti's ``Act Right'' also featuring Jeezy. It would peak at number 100 on the Billboard Hot 100. He was then prominently featured on the CTE World mixtape, Boss Yo Life Up Gang in August 2013.

can the time value of an option be negative Option time value -- In finance, the time value (TV) (extrinsic or instrumental value) of an option is the premium a rational investor would pay over its current exercise value (intrinsic value), based on the probability it will increase in value before expiry. For an American option this value is always greater than zero in a fair market, thus an option is always worth more than its current exercise value.. As an option can be thought of as 'price insurance' (e.g., an airline insuring against unexpected soaring fuel costs caused by a hurricane), TV can be thought of as the risk premium the option seller charges the buyer--the higher the expected risk (volatility ⋅ (\displaystyle \cdot ) time), the higher the premium. Conversely, TV can be thought of as the price an investor is willing to pay for potential upside.

can i open carry without a permit in tennessee Gun laws in Tennessee -- Tennessee requires a permit to carry a firearm, whether openly or concealed. Additionally, per Tenn. Code Ann. 39-17-1351 r.(1) a facially valid handgun permit, firearms permit, weapons permit or license issued by another state shall be valid in this state (Tennessee) according to its terms and shall be treated as if it is a handgun permit issued by this state (Tennessee)).

are maleficent and the evil queen the same Evil Queen (Disney) -- This version of the fairy tale character has been very well received by film critics and the public, and is considered one of Disney's most iconic and menacing villains. Besides in the film, the Evil Queen has made numerous appearances in Disney attractions and productions, including not only these directly related to the tale of Snow White, such as Fantasmic!, The Kingdom Keepers and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, sometimes appearing in them alongside Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty. The film's version of the Queen has also become a popular archetype that influenced a number of artists and non-Disney works.

is in-n-out burger a franchise In-N-Out Burger -- In-N-Out Burger has resisted franchising its operations or going public; one reason is the prospect of quality or customer consistency being compromised by excessively rapid business growth. The company's business practices have been noted for employee-centered personnel policies. For example, In-N-Out is one of the few fast food chains in the United States to pay its employees more than state and federally mandated minimum wage guidelines -- starting at US$11 per hour in California, as of May 2017. The In-N-Out restaurant chain has developed a highly loyal customer base, and has been rated as one of the top fast food restaurants in several customer satisfaction surveys.

is diary of a wimpy kid considered a graphic novel Diary of a Wimpy Kid -- Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a satirical realistic fiction comedy novel for children and teenagers written and illustrated by Jeff Kinney. It is the first book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. The book is about a boy named Greg Heffley and his struggles to fit in as he begins middle school.

is turpentine and white spirit the same thing White spirit -- The word ``mineral'' in ``mineral spirits'' or ``mineral turpentine'' is meant to distinguish it from distilled spirits (distilled directly from fermented grains and fruit) or from true turpentine (distilled tree resin).

is flight of the phoenix based on a true story The Flight of the Phoenix -- The Flight of the Phoenix is a 1964 novel by Elleston Trevor. The plot involves the crash of a transport aircraft in the middle of a desert and the survivors' desperate attempt to save themselves. The book was the basis for the 1965 film The Flight of the Phoenix starring James Stewart and the 2004 remake entitled Flight of the Phoenix. The Flight of the Phoenix came at the midpoint of Trevor's career and led to a bidding war over its film rights.

was avatar the last airbender based on a book Avatar: The Last Airbender -- Avatar: The Last Airbender was co-created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko at Nickelodeon Animation Studios in Burbank, California. Its animation was mostly done by South Korean studios JM Animation, DR Movie, and MOI Animation. According to Konietzko, the series was conceived in early 2001 when he took an old sketch of a balding, middle-aged man and imagined the man as a child. He drew the character herding bison in the sky and showed the sketch to DiMartino, who was watching a documentary about explorers trapped at the South Pole. Konietzko described their early development of the concept; ``There's an air guy along with these water people trapped in a snowy wasteland ... and maybe some fire people are pressing down on them''. The co-creators successfully pitched the idea to Nickelodeon vice-president and executive producer Eric Coleman two weeks later.

is the film tully based on the book Tully (2018 film) -- Tully is a 2018 American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody. The film stars Charlize Theron, Mackenzie Davis, Mark Duplass, and Ron Livingston, and follows the friendship between a mother of three and her nanny. It is the fourth collaboration between Reitman and Cody, following Juno (2007), Jennifer's Body (2009), and Young Adult (2011), the last of which also starred Theron.

is there such a thing as corinthian leather Corinthian leather -- Corinthian leather is a term coined by the advertising agency Bozell to describe the upholstery used in certain Chrysler luxury vehicles. The term first appeared in advertising in 1974. Although the term suggests that the product has a relationship to or origination from Corinth, there is no relationship; the term is merely a marketing concept.

is the movie gone baby gone a true story Gone Baby Gone -- Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American neo-noir mystery drama film directed by Ben Affleck. In his feature-length directorial debut, Affleck co-wrote the screenplay with Aaron Stockard based on the novel Gone, Baby, Gone by Dennis Lehane. The film stars Casey Affleck and Michelle Monaghan as two private investigators hunting for a little girl who was abducted from the Boston neighborhood of Dorchester. The supporting cast includes Morgan Freeman, Ed Harris and Amy Ryan.

is the home insurance building still standing in chicago Home Insurance Building -- The building opened in 1885 and was demolished 47 years later in 1931.

is the book of jasher in the bible Book of Jasher (biblical references) -- The Book of Jasher (also, Jashar) or the Book of the Upright or the Book of the Just Man (Hebrew: סֵפֶר הַיׇּשׇׁר‬; transliteration: sēfer hayyāšār) is an unknown book mentioned in the Hebrew Bible. The translation ``Book of the Just Man'' is the traditional Greek and Latin translation, while the transliterated form ``Jasher'' is found in the King James Bible, 1611.

is all of europe in the same time zone Time in Europe -- Europe spans 7 primary time zones (from UTC−01:00 to UTC+05:00), excluding summer time offsets (4 of them can be seen on the map to the right, with 1 further-western zone containing the Azores, and 2 further-eastern zones spanning Georgia, Azerbaijan, eastern territories of European Russia, and the European part of Kazakhstan). Most European countries use summer time and harmonise their summer time adjustments. See Summer time in Europe for details.

does the queen stay at st james palace St James's Palace -- St James's Palace is still a working palace, and the Royal Court is still formally based there, despite the monarch residing elsewhere. It is also the London residence of the Princess Royal, Princess Beatrice of York, and Princess Alexandra. The palace is used to host official receptions, such as those of visiting heads of state, and charities of which members of the royal family are patrons. The Palace forms part of a sprawling complex of buildings housing Court offices and officials' apartments. The immediate palace complex includes York House, the former home of the Prince of Wales and his sons, Princes William and Harry. Lancaster House, located next-door, is used by HM Government for official receptions, and the nearby Clarence House, the former home of the Queen Mother, is now the residence of the Prince of Wales. The palace also served as the official residence for Princess Eugenie of York until April 2018.

does lynette's family die in the tornado Lynette Scavo -- While undergoing chemotherapy, Lynette wears wigs to conceal her illness and avoid the pity of friends and neighbors. When she finally confesses, her friends are shocked but supportive. In a fit of pique at being served marijuana-laced brownies, Lynette decides that Stella has to go. While she soon changes her mind and asks her mother to stay, Stella is hurt and leaves the Scavo home. When Lynette learns that Glenn left Stella because he is gay, she tells her mother that she appreciates the time they've spent together. Stella, not wanting to ruin the happy memories, decides not to return and moves in with Glenn. A short time later, a tornado threatens Fairview and Lynette persuades her elderly neighbor, Karen McCluskey, to let the Scavos shelter in her cellar. Ida Greenberg and her cat join them but Tom, allergic to cats, starts struggling to breathe. Lynette attempts to sneak the cat out of the shelter, and Karen follows her into the storm. As the tornado hits, Karen and Lynette are forced to shelter in a bathtub in the Scavo house. After the tornado, Lynette and Karen find the McCluskey house in ruins. Lynette's family is safe, but only because Ida Greenberg died to save them. Kayla begins a pattern of disrespectful behavior, which culminates when Lynette slaps her for threatening Penny. Kayla takes revenge by burning herself with a curling iron and blaming Lynette, who is arrested. While in jail, Lynette tells Tom what Kayla did. When Kayla confesses that she lied, Tom sends her to live with her grandparents. He is sad to send her away, but in time the family (and Tom and Lynette's marriage) recovers from the strain placed upon it by Kayla.

is the little house on the prairie fiction Little House on the Prairie -- The ``Little House'' Books is a series of American children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder, based on her childhood and adolescence in the American Midwest (Wisconsin, Kansas, Minnesota, South Dakota, and Missouri) between 1870 and 1894. Eight of the novels were completed by Wilder, and published by Harper & Brothers. The appellation ``Little House'' books comes from the first and third novels in the series of eight published in her lifetime. The second novel was about her husband's childhood. The first draft of a ninth novel was published posthumously in 1971 and is commonly included in the series.

did abba write songs specifically for mamma mia Mamma Mia! -- Mamma Mia! is based on the songs of ABBA, a Swedish pop/dance group active from 1972 to 1982 and one of the most popular international pop groups of all time, topping the charts again and again in Europe, North and South America and Australia. Following the premiere of the musical in London in 1999, ABBA Gold topped the charts in the United Kingdom again. This musical was the brainchild of producer Judy Craymer. She met songwriters Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson in 1983 when they were working with Tim Rice on Chess. It was the song ``The Winner Takes It All'' that suggested to her the theatrical potential of their pop songs. The songwriters were not enthusiastic, but they were not completely opposed to the idea.

is a nissan frontier a half ton truck Truck classification -- This has led to categorizing trucks similarly, even if their payload is different. Therefore, the Toyota Tacoma, Dodge Dakota, Ford Ranger, Honda Ridgeline, Chevrolet S-10, GMC S-15 and Nissan Frontier are called quarter-tons (1⁄4-ton). The Ford F-150, Chevrolet C10/K10, Chevrolet/GMC 1500, Dodge 1500, Toyota Tundra, and Nissan Titan are half-tons (1⁄2-ton). The Ford F-250, Chevrolet C20/K20, Chevrolet/GMC 2500, and Dodge 2500 are three-quarter-tons (3⁄4-ton). Chevrolet/GMC's 3⁄4-ton suspension systems were further divided into light and heavy-duty, differentiated by 5-lug and 6 or 8-lug wheel hubs depending on year, respectively. The Ford F-350, Chevrolet C30/K30, Chevrolet/GMC 3500, and Dodge 3500 are one tons (1-ton).

do elizabeth and jack sparrow end up together Elizabeth Swann -- Elizabeth Swann (later Elizabeth Turner) is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. She appears in The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003) and three of its sequels, Dead Man's Chest (2006), At World's End (2007) and Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017). She is portrayed by Keira Knightley (and as a child by Lucinda Dryzek in the prologue of The Curse of the Black Pearl). She is known to use the alias ``Elizabeth Turner'', but this later becomes her married name when she weds the character Will Turner (played by Orlando Bloom).

does the arizona court of appeals hear death penalty cases Arizona Court of Appeals -- The court also has jurisdiction over appeals in criminal matters from superior court, except for cases in which a death sentence has been imposed. Death penalty cases go directly to the Supreme Court of Arizona.

did the jamaican bobsled team carry the sled Jamaica national bobsleigh team -- The 1988 team was the inspiration for the film Cool Runnings (1993). The characters in the film are fictional, although original footage of the crash during a qualifier is used during the film. The film's depiction of the post-crash rescue was changed to show the bobsledders carrying the sled over the line on their shoulders for dramatic effect.

can a batsman be run out on a no ball No-ball -- A batsman may not be given out bowled, leg before wicket, caught, stumped or hit wicket off a no-ball. A batsman may be given out run out, hit the ball twice, or obstructing the field. Thus the call of no-ball protects the batsman against losing his wicket in ways that are attributed to the bowler, but not in ways that are attributed to running, or to the batsman's own conduct.

is it illegal to drive with no sleep Sleep-deprived driving -- Governments had attempted to reduce sleep-deprived driving through education messages and by ingraining roads with dents, known as rumble strips in the US, which cause a noise when drivers wander out of their lane. The Government of Western Australia recently introduced a ``Driver Reviver'' program where drivers can receive free coffee to help them stay awake.

is any part of lake michigan in canada Great Lakes -- Though the five lakes lie in separate basins, they form a single, naturally interconnected body of fresh water, within the Great Lakes Basin. They form a chain connecting the east-central interior of North America to the Atlantic Ocean. From the interior to the outlet at the Saint Lawrence River, water flows from Superior to Huron and Michigan, southward to Erie, and finally northward to Lake Ontario. The lakes drain a large watershed via many rivers, and are studded with approximately 35,000 islands. There are also several thousand smaller lakes, often called ``inland lakes,'' within the basin. The surface area of the five primary lakes combined is roughly equal to the size of the United Kingdom, while the surface area of the entire basin (the lakes and the land they drain) is about the size of the UK and France combined. Lake Michigan is the only one of the Great Lakes that is located entirely within the United States; the others form a water boundary between the United States and Canada. The lakes are divided among the jurisdictions of the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. states of Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York. Both Ontario and Michigan include in their boundaries portions of four of the lakes: Ontario does not border Lake Michigan, and Michigan does not border Lake Ontario. New York and Wisconsin's jurisdictions extend into two lakes, and each of the remaining states into one of the lakes.

is the sea snake the most venomous snake Hydrophis belcheri -- Belcher's sea snake, which many times is mistakenly called the hook-nosed sea snake (Enhydrina schistosa), has been erroneously popularized as the most venomous snake in the world, due to Ernst and Zug's published book ``Snakes in Question: The Smithsonian Answer Book'' from 1996. Associate Professor Bryan Grieg Fry, a prominent venom expert, has clarified the error: ``The hook nosed myth was due to a fundamental error in a book called 'Snakes in question'. In there, all the toxicity testing results were lumped in together, regardless of the mode of testing (e.g. subcutaneous vs. intramuscular vs intravenous vs intraperitoneal). As the mode can influence the relative number, venoms can only be compared within a mode. Otherwise, its apples and rocks.''. Studies on mice and human cardiac cell culture shows that venom of the inland taipan, drop by drop, is the most toxic among all snakes; land or sea. The most venomous sea snake is actually Dubois' seasnake (Aipysurus duboisii ).

are abc and nbc owned by the same company American Broadcasting Company -- ABC became an aggressive competitor to NBC and CBS when, continuing NBC Blue's traditions of public service, it aired symphony performances conducted by Paul Whiteman, performances from the Metropolitan Opera, and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of The Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street announced by Milton Cross. The network also became known for such suspenseful dramas as Sherlock Holmes, Gang Busters and Counterspy, as well as several mid-afternoon youth-oriented programs. However, ABC made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming, with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of NBC and CBS, adopting the use of the Magnetophon tape recorder, brought to the U.S. from Nazi Germany after its conquest, to pre-record its programming. With the help of the Magnetophon, ABC was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time, and also attract several big names, such as Bing Crosby at a time when NBC and CBS did not allow pre-taped shows.

is an imperial gallon the same as a us gallon Gallon -- The gallon (/ˈɡælən/) is a unit of measurement for fluid capacity in both the US customary units and the British imperial systems of measurement. Three significantly different sizes are in current use: the imperial gallon defined as 7000454609000000000♠4.54609 litres (4 imperial quarts or 8 imperial pints), which is used in the United Kingdom, Canada, and some Caribbean nations; the US gallon defined as 231 cubic inches (4 US liquid quarts or 8 US liquid pints) or about 3.785 L, which is used in the US and some Latin American and Caribbean countries; and the least-used US dry gallon defined as 1/8 US bushel (4.405 L).

is it possible to run a mile in 2 minutes Four-minute mile -- In the sport of athletics, a four-minute mile means completing a mile run (1,760 yards, or 1,609.344 metres) in less than four minutes. It was first achieved in 1954 by Roger Bannister in 3:59.4. The ``four-minute barrier'' has since been broken by over 1,400 male athletes, and is now the standard of all male professional middle distance runners. In the last 50 years the mile record has been lowered by almost 17 seconds, and currently stands at 3:43.13. Running a mile in four minutes translates to a speed of 15 miles per hour (24.14 km/h, or 2:29.13 per kilometre, or 14.91 seconds per 100 metres). It also equals 22 feet per second (1,320 feet per minute).

are pork n beans the same as baked beans Baked beans -- Canned beans, often containing pork, were among the first convenience foods, and it is in this form that they became exported and popularised by U.S. companies operating in the UK in the early 20th century. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration stated in 1996: ``It has for years been recognized by consumers generally that the designation 'beans with pork,' or 'pork and beans' is the common or usual name for an article of commerce that contains very little pork.'' The included pork is typically a piece of salt pork that adds fat to the dish.

can you have a boy and a girl identical twins Twin -- Monozygotic twins are genetically nearly identical and they are always the same sex unless there has been a mutation during development. The children of monozygotic twins test genetically as half-siblings (or full siblings, if a pair of monozygotic twins reproduces with another pair or with the same person), rather than first cousins. Identical twins do not have the same fingerprints however, because even within the confines of the womb, the fetuses touch different parts of their environment, giving rise to small variations in their corresponding prints and thus making them unique.

can a wild card team have home field advantage in mlb playoffs Major League Baseball postseason -- Until 1998, the Division Series rotated which of the three division champions would not have home-field advantage, with the wild card never having it. Now the two division winners with the best records in each league have home field, with the least-winning divisional winner and the wild card not having home field. The DS used a 2-3 format until 1998 and now uses a 2-2-1 format. This is seen as a more fair distribution of home-field advantage because previously under the 2-3 format, the team hosting the first two games had absolutely no chance of winning the series at home. With the current 2-2-1 format however, both teams have the home-field advantage in a sense. While one team gets to host three games (including the critical first and last game), the other team does get two chances out of three (games 3 and 4) of winning the series on its home field.

is day of the dead bloodline a sequel Day of the Dead: Bloodline -- Day of the Dead: Bloodline is a 2018 action horror film directed by Hèctor Hernández Vicens and written by Mark Tonderai and Lars Jacobson, based on characters created by George A. Romero. The film stars Johnathon Schaech, Sophie Skelton, Marcus Vanco, and Jeff Gum. It is one of two remakes of Romero's original 1985 film Day of the Dead, with the first released in 2008. The film was released on January 5, 2018.

was harry potter inspired by lord of the rings Harry Potter influences and analogues -- Fans of author J.R.R. Tolkien have drawn attention to the similarities between his novel The Lord of the Rings and the Harry Potter series; specifically Tolkien's Wormtongue and Rowling's Wormtail, Tolkien's Shelob and Rowling's Aragog, Tolkien's Gandalf and Rowling's Dumbledore, Tolkien's Nazgûl and Rowling's Dementors, Old Man Willow and the Whomping Willow and the similarities between both authors' antagonists, Tolkien's Dark Lord Sauron and Rowling's Lord Voldemort (both of whom are sometimes within their respective continuities unnamed due to intense fear surrounding their names; both often referred to as 'The Dark Lord'; and both of whom are, during the time when the main action takes place, seeking to recover their lost power after having been considered dead or at least no longer a threat). Several reviews of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows noted that the locket used as a horcrux by Voldemort bore comparison to Tolkien's One Ring, as it negatively affects the personality of the wearer. Rowling maintains that she had not read The Hobbit until after she completed the first Harry Potter novel (though she had read The Lord of the Rings as a teenager) and that any similarities between her books and Tolkien's are ``Fairly superficial. Tolkien created a whole new mythology, which I would never claim to have done. On the other hand, I think I have better jokes.'' Tolkienian scholar Tom Shippey has maintained that ``no modern writer of epic fantasy has managed to escape the mark of Tolkien, no matter how hard many of them have tried''.

does the antagonist always have to be a person Antagonist -- An antagonist is a character, group of characters, institution or concept that stands in or represents opposition against which the protagonist(s) must contend. In other words, an antagonist is a person or a group of people who opposes a protagonist.

is ireland in the fifa world cup 2018 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group D -- The group winners, Serbia, qualified directly for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The group runners-up, Republic of Ireland, advanced to the play-offs as one of the best 8 runners-up, where they lost to Denmark and thus failed to qualify.

are el dorado and rio bravo the same movie El Dorado (1966 film) -- El Dorado is the second of three films directed by Hawks about a sheriff defending his office against belligerent outlaw elements in the town, after Rio Bravo (1959) and before Rio Lobo (1970), both also starring Wayne in approximately the same role. The plotlines of all three films are almost similar enough to qualify El Dorado and Rio Lobo as remakes. Dean Martin had portrayed the drunken deputy in Rio Bravo, preceding Mitchum in the part as a drunken sheriff, while Walter Brennan played the wild old man role later rendered by Arthur Hunnicutt, and Ricky Nelson appeared as a gunslinging newcomer similar to Caan in El Dorado.

is five guys only on the east coast Five Guys -- More followed in Old Town Alexandria and Springfield, Virginia, making five by 2001. Their success encouraged the Murrells to franchise their concept the following year, engaging Fransmart, a franchise sales organization. Former Washington Redskins kicker Mark Moseley, who had gone to work for Fransmart after his football career, played a key role in Five Guys' expansion and went on to become the company's director of franchise development after it ended its business relationship with Fransmart. In early 2003 the chain began franchising, opening the doors to rapid expansion which caught the attention of national restaurant trade organizations and the national press. The expansion started in Virginia and Maryland, and by the end of 2004, over 300 units were in development through the Northeast. Over the next few years the chain rapidly expanded across the entire United States and into Canada, reaching over 1,000 locations by 2012.

do ncaa division 2 schools offer athletic scholarships NCAA Division II -- Before 1973, the NCAA's smaller schools were grouped together in the College Division. In 1973, the College Division split in two when the NCAA began using numeric designations for its competitions. The College Division members who wanted to offer athletic scholarships or compete against those who did became Division II, while those who chose not to offer athletic scholarships became Division III.

is there a mechanical advantage for a fixed pulley Mechanical advantage device -- Consider lifting a weight with rope and pulleys. A rope looped through a pulley attached to a fixed spot, e.g. a barn roof rafter, and attached to the weight is called a single pulley. It has a mechanical advantage (MA) = 1 (assuming frictionless bearings in the pulley), moving no mechanical advantage (or disadvantage) however advantageous the change in direction may be.

is a prince the same as a duke Prince William, Duke of Cambridge -- As a British prince, William does not use a surname for everyday purposes. For formal and ceremonial purposes, the children of the Prince of Wales use the title of ``prince'' or ``princess'' before their Christian name and their father's territorial designation after it. Thus, Prince William was styled as ``Prince William of Wales''. Such territorial designations are discarded by women when they marry and by men if they are given a peerage of their own, such as when Prince William was given his dukedom.

is the tower of terror in magic kingdom The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror -- The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, also known as Tower of Terror, is an accelerated drop tower dark ride located at Disney's Hollywood Studios, Tokyo DisneySea, Walt Disney Studios Park, and formerly located at Disney California Adventure Park. Except for the Tokyo DisneySea version, the attractions are inspired by Rod Serling's anthology television series, The Twilight Zone, and take place in the fictional Hollywood Tower Hotel in Hollywood, California. The Tokyo version, which features an original story line not related to The Twilight Zone, takes place in the fictional Hotel Hightower. All three versions place riders in a seemingly ordinary hotel elevator, and present the riders with a fictional backstory in which people have mysteriously disappeared from the elevator under the influence of some supernatural element many years previously.

did all of the lava flows associated with mauna loa originate at the top of the volcano Mauna Loa -- Following a 1949 event, the next major eruption at Mauna Loa occurred in 1950. Originating from the volcano's southwestern rift zone, the eruption remains the largest rift event in the volcano's modern history, lasting 23 days, emitting 376 million cubic meters of lava, and reaching 24 km (15 mi) the ocean within 3 hours. The 1950 eruption was not the most voluminous eruption on the volcano (the long-lived 1872--1877 event produced more than twice as much material), but it was easily one of the fastest-acting, producing the same amount of lava as the 1859 eruption in a tenth of the time. Flows overtook the village of Hoʻokena-mauka in South Kona, crossed Hawaii Route 11, and reached the sea within four hours of eruption. Although there was no loss of life, the village was permanently destroyed. After the 1950 event, Mauna Loa, entered an extended period of dormancy, interrupted only by a small single-day summit event in 1975. However, it rumbled to life again in 1984, manifesting first at Mauna Loa's summit, and then producing a narrow, channelized 'a'a flow that advanced downslope within 6 km (4 mi) of Hilo, close enough to illuminate the city at nighttime. However, the flow got no closer, as two natural levees further up its pathway consequently broke and diverted active flows.

is hong kong inside the great firewall of china Internet censorship in China -- Although the censorship affects the whole nation, it does not affect China's special administrative regions such as Hong Kong and Macau. This is because these regions enjoys a high degree of autonomy, as specified in local laws and the ``One country, two systems'' principle. Nevertheless, it was reported that the central government authorities has been closely monitoring the Internet use in these regions.

is the open door policy still used today Open Door Policy -- The Open Door Policy is a term in foreign affairs initially used to refer to the United States policy established in the late 19th century and the early 20th century that would allow for a system of trade in China open to all countries equally. It was used mainly to mediate the competing interests of different colonial powers in China. In more recent times, Open Door policy describes the economic policy initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978 to open up China to foreign businesses that wanted to invest in the country. This later policy set into motion the economic transformation of modern China.

does the fibula form part of the knee joint Fibula -- The fibula or calf bone is a leg bone located on the lateral side of the tibia, with which it is connected above and below. It is the smaller of the two bones, and, in proportion to its length, the slenderest of all the long bones. Its upper extremity is small, placed toward the back of the head of the tibia, below the level of the knee joint, and excluded from the formation of this joint. Its lower extremity inclines a little forward, so as to be on a plane anterior to that of the upper end; it projects below the tibia, and forms the lateral part of the ankle-joint.

is a catbird the same as a mockingbird Catbird -- New World catbirds are two monotypic genera from the mimid family (Mimidae) of the passeridan superfamily Muscicapoidea. Among the Mimidae, they represent independent basal lineages probably closer to the Caribbean thrasher and trembler assemblage than to the mockingbirds and Toxostoma thrashers:

is the strip in the city of las vegas Las Vegas Strip -- The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada that is known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos. The Strip is approximately 4.2 miles (6.8 km) in length, located immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester. However, the Strip is often referred to as being in Las Vegas.

is it normal for my second toe to be longer Morton's toe -- The most common symptom experienced due to Morton's toe is callusing and/or discomfort of the ball of the foot at the base of the second toe. The first metatarsal head would normally bear the majority of a person's body weight during the propulsive phases of gait, but because the second metatarsal head is farthest forward, the force is transferred there. Pain may also be felt in the arch of the foot, at the ankleward end of the first and second metatarsals.

do you need a license for airsoft guns uk Legal issues in airsoft -- There are currently certain restrictions on the possession of airsoft replicas, which came in with the introduction of the ASBA (Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003) Amendments, prohibiting the possession of any firearms replica in a public place without good cause (to be concealed in a gun case or container only, not to be left in view of public at any time).

is there a 4th film in divergent series The Divergent Series -- The first installment, Divergent (2014), grossed over $288 million worldwide, while the second installment, The Divergent Series: Insurgent (2015), grossed over $297 million worldwide. Insurgent was also the first Divergent film to be released in IMAX 3D. The third installment, The Divergent Series: Allegiant (2016), grossed $179 million. Thus, the first three films of the series have grossed over $765 million worldwide. A fourth film, The Divergent Series: Ascendant was to be released theatrically, but due to Allegiant's poor showing at the box office, it was announced it would be released as a television film that could lead into a potential episodic spin-off series on Starz. However, Woodley, along with other cast members, expressed no interest in returning.

is the bank of england a private company Bank of England -- The Bank of England is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based. Established in 1694 to act as the English Government's banker, and still one of the bankers for the Government of the United Kingdom, it is the world's eighth-oldest bank. It was privately owned by stockholders from its foundation in 1694 until it was nationalised in 1946.

is himalayan pink salt the same as curing salt Curing salt -- Curing salts are used in food preservation to prevent or slow spoilage by bacteria or fungus. Generally they are used for pickling meats as part of the process to make sausage or cured meat. Curing salts are generally a mixture of table salt and sodium nitrite, which serves to inhibit the growth of bacteria, specifically Clostridium botulinum in an effort to prevent botulism, and helps preserve the color of cured meat. Many also contain red dye that makes them pink to prevent them from being confused with common table salt. Thus curing salt is sometimes referred to as ``pink salt''. Curing salts are not to be confused with Himalayan pink salt, which is pure salt with trace elements that give it a pink color.

is there a season four of red rock List of Red Rock episodes -- Following a major overhaul in the summer of 2016, each episode is now a single 60 minute transmission, including advertisements. The series was also moved to 9:00pm on Mondays, to allow for grittier storylines, as the series is now post-watershed. A special-double episode was broadcast on 9 January 2017 as a single 120 minute transmission. This episode was co-written by actor Shaun Williamson. The second series was broadcast in the UK between 17 July 2017 and 8 September 2017, with Series 3 scheduled for this year.

are bensons and harvey's the same company Bensons for Beds -- Founded as a general store in 1950 by Cyril Benson, Bensons for Beds opened the first dedicated bed centre in 1972. The company is now based in Accrington, Lancashire, and operates as an chain of concessions and stand alone stores. Bensons for Beds is now part of South African group Steinhoff International, which also owns United Kingdom furniture brands Harveys and Cargo.

is war room movie based on a true story War Room (film) -- War Room is a 2015 American Christian drama film directed by Alex Kendrick and written by he and Stephen Kendrick. It is the Kendrick brothers' fifth film and their first through their subsidiary, Kendrick Brothers Productions. Provident Films, Affirm Films and TriStar Pictures partnered with the Kendrick brothers to release the film.

is the national cathedral in washington dc catholic Washington National Cathedral -- The Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul in the City and Diocese of Washington, commonly known as Washington National Cathedral, is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church located in Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. The structure is of Neo-Gothic design closely modeled on English Gothic style of the late fourteenth century. It is both the second-largest church building in the United States, and the fourth-tallest structure in Washington, D.C. The cathedral is the seat of both the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church, Michael Bruce Curry, and the Bishop of the Diocese of Washington, Mariann Edgar Budde. Over 270,000 people visit the structure annually.

are the inside of your cheeks called gums Cheek -- Cheeks (Latin: buccae) constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear. ``Buccal'' means relating to the cheek. In humans, the region is innervated by the buccal nerve. The area between the inside of the cheek and the teeth and gums is called the vestibule or buccal pouch or buccal cavity and forms part of the mouth. In other animals the cheeks may also be referred to as jowls.

does the sea of galilee have salt water Sea of Galilee -- The Sea of Galilee, also Kinneret or Kinnereth, Lake of Gennesaret, or Lake Tiberias (Hebrew: יָם כִּנֶּרֶת‬, Judeo-Aramaic: יַמּא דטבריא; גִּנֵּיסַר Arabic: بحيرة طبريا‎), is a freshwater lake in Israel. It is approximately 53 km (33 mi) in circumference, about 21 km (13 mi) long, and 13 km (8.1 mi) wide. Its area is 166.7 km (64.4 sq mi) at its fullest, and its maximum depth is approximately 43 m (141 feet). At levels between 215 metres (705 ft) and 209 metres (686 ft) below sea level, it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth and the second-lowest lake in the world (after the Dead Sea, a saltwater lake). The lake is fed partly by underground springs although its main source is the Jordan River which flows through it from north to south.

is fathers day the first sunday in september Father's Day -- Father's Day is a celebration honoring fathers and celebrating fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society. In Catholic Europe, it has been celebrated on March 19 (St. Joseph's Day) since the Middle Ages. This celebration was brought by the Spanish and Portuguese to Latin America, where March 19 is often still used for it, though many countries in Europe and the Americas have adopted the U.S. date, which is the third Sunday of June. It is celebrated on various days in many parts of the world, most commonly in the months of March, April and June. It complements similar celebrations honoring family members, such as Mother's Day, Siblings Day, and Grandparents' Day.

has season 5 of the flash come out List of The Flash episodes -- As of May 22, 2018, 92 episodes of The Flash have aired, concluding the fourth season. On April 2, 2018, the series was renewed for a fifth season by the CW, which is set to premiere on October 9, 2018.

is lymphoma the same as lymph node cancer Lymphoma -- Lymphomas in the strict sense are any neoplasms of the lymphatic tissues (lympho- + -oma) . The main classes are malignant neoplasms (that is, cancers) of the lymphocytes, a type of white blood cell that belongs to both the lymph and the blood and pervades both. Thus, lymphomas and leukemias are both tumors of the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues, and as lymphoproliferative disorders, lymphomas and lymphoid leukemias are closely related, to the point that some of them are unitary disease entities that can be called by either name (for example adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma).

is a ribeye steak the same as a delmonico steak Delmonico steak -- Delmonico steak (or steak Delmonico) is a particular preparation of one of several cuts of beef (typically the ribeye) originated by Delmonico's restaurant in New York City during the mid-19th century. Controversy exists about the specific cut of steak that Delmonico's originally used.

are all members of the four seasons still alive The Four Seasons (band) -- Jersey Boys, a musical play based on the lives of the Four Seasons and directed by Des McAnuff (The Who's Tommy, 700 Sundays), premiered at his La Jolla Playhouse and opened on November 6, 2005 to generally positive reviews. It subsequently won multiple Tony Awards after its move to Broadway. The original cast included John Lloyd Young as Frankie Valli, Daniel Reichard as Bob Gaudio, Christian Hoff as Tommy DeVito, and J. Robert Spencer as Nick Massi. The play portrays the history of the Four Seasons in four parts, with each part narrated by a different member of the band and supposedly reflecting that band member's perspective on the band's history. The author of the book of the play, Rick Elice, interviewed Valli, Gaudio, and DeVito in writing the play, and pieced together Nick Massi's point of view based on those interviews (Massi had died before the play was written.) The Broadway production won four 2006 Tony Awards, including Best Musical, Best Actor (for John Lloyd Young as Frankie Valli), Best Featured Actor (for Christian Hoff as Tommy DeVito), and Best Lighting Design. There are currently three U.S. productions of Jersey Boys running outside New York and other productions overseas including productions in Toronto, London, Australia, South Africa and The Netherlands.

was san luis rey de francia always a mission Mission San Luis Rey de Francia -- With secularization of the mission in 1834, no religious services were held and the Luiseño were left behind by the fleeing Franciscan padres. The Mission's religious services restarted in 1893, when two Mexican priests were given permission to restore the Mission as a Franciscan college. Father Joseph O'Keefe was assigned as an interpreter for the monks. It was he who began to restore the old Mission in 1895. The cuadrángulo (quadrangle) and church were completed in 1905. San Luis Rey College was opened as a seminary in 1950, but closed in 1969.

do the chargers still play in san diego Los Angeles Chargers -- The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football team based in the Greater Los Angeles Area. The Chargers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) West division. The team was founded on August 14, 1959, and began play on September 10, 1960, as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL), and spent its first season in Los Angeles, before moving to San Diego in 1961 to become the San Diego Chargers. The Chargers joined the NFL as result of the AFL--NFL merger in 1970, and played their home games at SDCCU Stadium. The return of the Chargers to Los Angeles was announced for the 2017 season, just one year after the Rams had moved back to the city from St. Louis. The Chargers will play their home games at the StubHub Center until the opening in 2020 of the Los Angeles Stadium at Hollywood Park, which they will share with the Rams.

will there be a new how to train your dragon series How to Train Your Dragon (franchise) -- The How to Train Your Dragon franchise from DreamWorks Animation consists of two feature films How to Train Your Dragon (2010) and How to Train Your Dragon 2 (2014), with a third feature film, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, set for a 2019 release. The franchise is inspired by the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The franchise also consists of four short films: Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon (2010), Book of Dragons (2011), Gift of the Night Fury (2011) and Dawn of the Dragon Racers (2014). A television series following the events of the first film, Dragons: Riders of Berk, began airing on Cartoon Network in September 2012. Its second season was renamed Dragons: Defenders of Berk. Set several years later, and as a more immediate prequel to the second film, a new television series, titled Dragons: Race to the Edge, aired on Netflix in June 2015. The second season of the show was added to Netflix in January 2016 and a third season in June 2016. A fourth season aired on Netflix in February 2017, a fifth season in August 2017, and a sixth and final season on February 16, 2018.

is mineral oil the same as hydraulic oil Hydraulic fluid -- A hydraulic fluid or hydraulic liquid is the medium by which power is transferred in hydraulic machinery. Common hydraulic fluids are based on mineral oil or water. Examples of equipment that might use hydraulic fluids are excavators and backhoes, hydraulic brakes, power steering systems, transmissions, garbage trucks, aircraft flight control systems, lifts, and industrial machinery.

is elderflower cordial the same as elderflower syrup Elderflower cordial -- Elderflower cordial is a soft drink made largely from a refined sugar and water solution and uses the flowers of the European elderberry, (Sambucus nigra L.). Historically the cordial has been popular in North Western Europe where it has a strong Victorian heritage. However, versions of an elderflower cordial recipe can be traced back to Roman times. Nowadays it can be found in almost all of the former Roman Empire territory, predominantly in Central Europe, especially in England, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Romania, Hungary and Slovakia, where people have acquired a special taste for it and still make it in the traditional way. In some countries the drink can be found as an aromatic syrup, sold as a concentrated squash that is mixed with still or sparkling water. Elderflower pressé is a premixed form of this.

is abu dhabi and dubai the same place Abu Dhabi -- Abu Dhabi (US: /ˈɑːbuː ˈdɑːbi/, UK: /ˈæbuː/; Arabic: أبو ظبي‎ Abū Ẓabī (ɐˈbuˈðʕɑbi)) is the capital and the second most populous city of the United Arab Emirates (the most populous being Dubai), and also capital of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the largest of the UAE's seven emirates. Abu Dhabi lies on a T-shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast. The city of Abu Dhabi has an estimated population of 1.8 million in 2016.

does the us follow the universal declaration of human rights Universal Declaration of Human Rights -- Some legal scholars have argued that because countries have constantly invoked the Declaration for more than 50 years, it has become binding as a part of customary international law. However, in the United States, the Supreme Court in Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain (2004), concluded that the Declaration ``does not of its own force impose obligations as a matter of international law.'' Courts of other countries have also concluded that the Declaration is not in and of itself part of domestic law.

is it law to get paid maternity leave Maternity leave in the United States -- This is one of the lowest levels of leave in the industrialized world. In comparison to other countries, the United States is one of the only countries in the world, and the only OECD member, that has not passed laws requiring business and corporations to offer paid maternity leave to their employees.

can a soft material scratch a hard material Hardness -- Scratch hardness is the measure of how resistant a sample is to fracture or permanent plastic deformation due to friction from a sharp object. The principle is that an object made of a harder material will scratch an object made of a softer material. When testing coatings, scratch hardness refers to the force necessary to cut through the film to the substrate. The most common test is Mohs scale, which is used in mineralogy. One tool to make this measurement is the sclerometer.

is a way out a single player game A Way Out (video game) -- A Way Out is an action-adventure game developed by Hazelight Studios and published by Electronic Arts under their EA Originals program. It is the second video game to be directed by Josef Fares after Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. The game has no single-player option: it is only playable in either online or local split screen co-op between two players. The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on March 23, 2018, selling over a million copies in two weeks.

is there a new season of once upon a time Once Upon a Time (season 7) -- The storyline was softly rebooted with a main narrative led by an adult Henry Mills, set several years after last season's events. In February 2018, it was announced the seventh season would serve as the final season of the series; the season and series concluded on May 18, 2018.

have the phoenix suns ever won a championship Phoenix Suns -- The Suns began play as an expansion team in 1968. The franchise owns the NBA's fourth-best all-time winning percentage, winning 55 percent of its games, as of the end of the 2014--15 season. In 47 years of play, they have made the playoffs 29 times, posted 19 seasons of 50 or more wins, made nine trips to the Western Conference Finals, and advanced to the NBA Finals twice, in 1976 and 1993. As a result, the Suns are the team with the highest all-time win-loss percentage to have never won an NBA championship.

is there a hulk movie with mark ruffalo The Incredible Hulk (film) -- In April 2015, Ruffalo said Universal holding the distribution rights to Hulk films may be an obstacle to releasing a future Hulk standalone film and reiterated this in October 2015, and July 2017. Marvel regained the film production rights for the character by February 2006, but Universal retained the distribution rights for The Incredible Hulk as well as the right of first refusal to distribute future Hulk films. According to The Hollywood Reporter, a potential reason why Marvel has not reacquired the film distribution rights to the Hulk as they did with Paramount Pictures for the Iron Man, Thor, and Captain America films is that Universal holds the theme park rights to several Marvel characters that Marvel's parent company, Disney, wants for its own theme parks. In December 2015, Ruffalo stated that the strained relationship between Marvel and Universal may be another obstacle to releasing a future standalone Hulk film. The following month, he indicated that the lack of a standalone Hulk film allowed the character to play a more prominent role in Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers: Infinity War, and the latter's untitled sequel, stating, ``We've worked a really interesting arc into Thor(: Ragnarok), Avengers(: Infinity War), and (the latter's sequel) for Banner that I think will -- when it's all added up -- will feel like a Hulk movie, a standalone movie.''

does mr darcy die in pride and prejudice and zombies Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (film) -- While fighting, Darcy stabs Wickham's chest, revealing him to have been undead all along, staying civilized by consuming pig brains. Elizabeth saves Darcy from being killed by Wickham. As the two ride across the bridge, the army destroys it to keep the zombies from crossing over from London. Darcy is injured in the explosion and Elizabeth tearfully admits her love for him. After Darcy recovers, he proposes to Elizabeth again and this time, she agrees. The two have a joint wedding with Bingley and Jane. In a mid-credits scene, Wickham leads a horde of zombies toward the wedding celebration with the Four Horsemen of the Zombie Apocalypse riding behind him.

are craftsman tool boxes made in the usa Craftsman (tools) -- Beginning in 2010, hand tools manufactured for Craftsman by Apex Tool Group (formerly known as Danaher) such as ratchets, sockets, and wrenches began to be sourced overseas (mainly in China, although some are produced in Taiwan), while tools produced for Craftsman by Western Forge such as adjustable wrenches, screwdrivers, pliers and larger mechanic tool sets remain made in the United States, although as of 2018, most if not all of the production for these products have moved over to Asia. Sears still has an Industrial line which is sold through various authorized distributors. These tools are US made, appearing identical to their previous non-industrial US made counterparts, save for the ``Industrial'' name stamped on them. They are manufactured by Apex on the US production lines that previously produced the USA made standard Craftsman product before production switched overseas to Asia.

is gdp per capita the same as average income Median income -- Since 1980, U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) per capita has increased 67%, while median household income has only increased by 15%. Median household income is a politically sensitive indicator. Voters can be critical of their government if they perceive that their cost of living is rising faster than their income.

do you capitalize elements of the periodic table Wikipedia:Naming conventions (chemistry) -- In former versions of the IUPAC recommendations, names were written with a capital initial letter. This practice has been abandoned in later publications. The names of chemical compounds and chemical elements when written out, are common nouns in English, rather than proper nouns. They are capitalized at the beginning of a sentence or title, but not elsewhere. Note that for chemical elements this applies to the word only and not the chemical symbol, which is always capitalized. Both rules remain even with chemical elements derived from proper names which would otherwise be capitalized, in keeping with IUPAC policy to differentiate proper names from things named after proper names. Thus, it is californium but the symbol is Cf, and einsteinium, but symbol Es. Note that names for odd or rare chemicals are uncapitalized like common ones, and thus uranium and plutonium (symbols U and Pu) should be uncapitalized like carbon or iron (symbols C and Fe). This rule (full name uncapitalized but symbol capitalized) applies also to isotopes and nuclides, when completely written out: thus C but carbon-14. (The element mercury is uncapitalized, but of course the planet and god Mercury remain capitalized proper nouns).

can you get a 3rd set of teeth Permanent teeth -- It is possible to have extra, or ``supernumerary,'' teeth. This phenomenon is called hyperdontia and is often erroneously referred to as ``a third set of teeth.'' These teeth may erupt into the mouth or remain impacted in the bone. Hyperdontia is often associated with syndromes such as cleft lip and palate, trichorhinophalangeal syndrome, cleidocranial dysplasia, and Gardner's syndrome.

do all baby birds have an egg tooth Egg tooth -- Kiwis lack an egg tooth, instead using their legs and beak to break through a relatively thin eggshell. The superprecocial megapodes possess an egg tooth in their early embryonic development, but instead use their claws during hatching.

are wolf spiders and grass spiders the same thing Wolf spider -- Wolf spiders resemble nursery web spiders (family Pisauridae), but wolf spiders carry their egg sacs by attaching them to their spinnerets. (Pisauridae carry their egg sacs with their chelicerae and pedipalps). Two of the wolf spider's eight eyes are large and prominent, which distinguishes them from the nursery web spiders whose eyes are all of approximately equal size. This can also help distinguish them from grass spiders.

do you get 3 steps in the nba Traveling (basketball) -- When a player has taken 3 or more steps without the ball being dribbled, a traveling violation is called. A travel can also be called via carrying or an unestablished pivot foot. If the pivot foot of a player changes or moves, it is considered a travel and the ball handler will be penalized. The only times traveling is acceptable is during the NBA Slam Dunk Contest, which isn't a game, or if the defender fouls the ball carrier. In the latter case, the ball carrier retains possession of the ball and the opposing team gains a foul.

is blood type o positive a universal donor Blood type -- In transfusions of packed red blood cells, individuals with type O Rh D negative blood are often called universal donors. Those with type AB Rh D positive blood are called universal recipients. However, these terms are only generally true with respect to possible reactions of the recipient's anti-A and anti-B antibodies to transfused red blood cells, and also possible sensitization to Rh D antigens. One exception is individuals with hh antigen system (also known as the Bombay phenotype) who can only receive blood safely from other hh donors, because they form antibodies against the H antigen present on all red blood cells.

was how i met your mother filmed in new york How I Met Your Mother -- Episodes were generally shot over a three-day period in the Los Angeles-based Soundstage Studio 22 and featured upwards of 50 scenes with quick transitions and flashbacks. However, the ``Pilot'' episode was filmed at CBS Radford. The laugh track was later created by recording an audience being shown the final edited episode. Thomas claimed that shooting before a live audience would have been impossible because of the structure of the show and the numerous flashforwards in each episode and because doing so ``would blur the line between 'audience' and 'hostage situation'''. Later seasons started filming in front of an audience on occasion when smaller sets were used.

is there only 1 season of the terror The Terror (TV series) -- The Terror is an American anthology horror drama television series that premiered on AMC on March 25, 2018. The series is named after Dan Simmons' 2007 best-selling novel, a fictionalized account of Captain Sir John Franklin's lost expedition to the Arctic in 1845--1848, which serves as the basis for the series' first season. On June 22, 2018, it was announced that AMC had renewed the series for a ten-episode second season set to premiere in 2019.

is the frankenstein chronicles based on a true story The Frankenstein Chronicles -- The Frankenstein Chronicles is a British television period crime drama series that first aired on ITV Encore on 11 November 2015, designed as a re-imagining of Mary Shelley's 1818 novel Frankenstein. Lead actor Sean Bean also acted as an associate producer on the first series. It follows Inspector John Marlott (Sean Bean), a river police officer who uncovers a corpse made up of body parts from eight missing children and sets about to determine who is responsible.

is ez pass the same as ez tag EZ TAG -- Despite the similarity in the names, EZ Tags are not compatible with the E-ZPass system in the northeast U.S.

is the movie the shape of water based on a book The Shape of Water -- The idea for The Shape of Water formed during del Toro's breakfast with Daniel Kraus in 2011, with whom he later co-wrote the novel Trollhunters. It shows similarities to the 2015 short film The Space Between Us. It was also primarily inspired by del Toro's childhood memories of seeing Creature from the Black Lagoon and wanting to see the Gill-man and Kay Lawrence (played by Julie Adams) succeed in their romance. When del Toro was in talks with Universal to direct a remake of Creature from the Black Lagoon, he tried pitching a version focused more on the creature's perspective, where the Creature ended up together with the female lead, but the studio executives rejected the concept.

is a t bone steak the same as a porterhouse T-bone steak -- The T-bone and porterhouse are steaks of beef cut from the short loin (called the sirloin in Commonwealth countries and Ireland). Both steaks include a ``T''-shaped bone with meat on each side. Porterhouse steaks are cut from the rear end of the short loin and thus include more tenderloin steak, along with (on the other side of the bone) a large strip steak. T-bone steaks are cut closer to the front, and contain a smaller section of tenderloin. The smaller portion of a T-bone, when sold alone, is known as a filet mignon, especially if it's cut from the small forward end of the tenderloin.

is king's college london part of cambridge university King's College London -- King's is generally considered part of the 'golden triangle' of research-intensive English universities alongside the University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, University College London, Imperial College London, and The London School of Economics. It is a member of academic organisations including the Association of Commonwealth Universities, European University Association, and the Russell Group. King's is home to six Medical Research Council centres and is a founding member of the King's Health Partners academic health sciences centre, Francis Crick Institute and MedCity. It is the largest European centre for graduate and post-graduate medical teaching and biomedical research, by number of students, and includes the world's first nursing school, the Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing and Midwifery.

were the us and soviet union allies in the cold war Cold War -- The Cold War was a state of geopolitical tension after World War II between powers in the Eastern Bloc (the Soviet Union and its satellite states) and powers in the Western Bloc (the United States, its NATO allies and others). Historians do not fully agree on the dates, but a common timeframe is the period between 1947, the year the Truman Doctrine, a U.S. foreign policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism, was announced, and either 1989, when communism fell in Eastern Europe, or 1991, when the Soviet Union collapsed. The term ``cold'' is used because there was no large-scale fighting directly between the two sides, but they each supported major regional wars known as proxy wars.

is adjusted gross income the same as taxable income Adjusted gross income -- In the United States income tax system, adjusted gross income (AGI) is an individual's total gross income minus specific deductions. Taxable income is adjusted gross income minus allowances for personal exemptions and itemized deductions. For most individual tax purposes, AGI is more relevant than gross income.

is los lobos in the rock and roll hall of fame Los Lobos -- On October 9, 2015, Los Lobos was nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for the first time.

is internal energy the same as potential energy Internal energy -- Though it is a macroscopic quantity, internal energy can be explained in microscopic terms by two theoretical virtual components. One is the microscopic kinetic energy due to the microscopic motion of the system's particles (translations, rotations, vibrations). The other is the potential energy associated with the microscopic forces, including the chemical bonds, between the particles; this is for ordinary physics and chemistry. If thermonuclear reactions are specified as a topic of concern, then the static rest mass energy of the constituents of matter is also counted. There is no simple universal relation between these quantities of microscopic energy and the quantities of energy gained or lost by the system in work, heat, or matter transfer.

is paget's disease of the bone cancer Paget's disease of bone -- Paget's disease of bone (commonly known as Paget's disease or historically, osteitis deformans) is a condition involving cellular remodeling and deformity of one or more bones. The affected bones show signs of dysregulated bone remodeling at the microscopic level, specifically excessive bone breakdown and subsequent disorganized new bone formation. These structural changes cause the bone to weaken, which may result in deformity, pain, fracture, or arthritis of associated joints. The exact cause is unknown, although leading theories indicate both genetic and acquired factors (see causes). Paget's disease may affect any one or multiple bones of the body (most commonly pelvis, femur, and lumbar vertebrae, and skull), but never the entire skeleton, and does not spread from bone to bone. Rarely, a bone affected by Paget's disease can transform into a malignant bone cancer.

is the tv series star crossed based on a book Star-Crossed (TV series) -- The project was originally titled Oxygen while in development at Isla Producciones (in collaboration with Olé). It was then adapted for the American market by Powwow before being acquired by The CW. Star-Crossed premiered on The CW on Monday, February 17, 2014, at 8:00 pm Eastern/7:00 pm Central. The series was picked up for a thirteen-episode season.

are a23 batteries the same as n batteries N battery -- An N-cell battery has a similar size to the A23 battery, which has a 12 V output.

do electrons flow in the same direction as current Electric current -- Since electrons, the charge carriers in metal wires and most other parts of electric circuits, have a negative charge, as a consequence, they flow in the opposite direction of conventional current flow in an electrical circuit.

does learner's permit count as driver's license Learner's permit -- A driver's permit, learner's permit, learner's license or provisional license, is a restricted license that is given to a person who is learning to drive, but has not yet satisfied the requirement to obtain a driver's license. Having a driver's permit for a certain length of time is usually one of the requirements (along with driver's education and a road test) for applying for a full driver's license. To get a learner's permit, one must typically pass a written permit test, traffic, and rules of the road.

is the ar-10 an assault rifle ArmaLite AR-10 -- The ArmaLite AR-10 is a 7.62×51mm NATO battle rifle developed by Eugene Stoner in the late 1950s and manufactured by ArmaLite, then a division of the Fairchild Aircraft Corporation. When first introduced in 1956, the AR-10 used an innovative straight-line barrel/stock design with phenolic composite and forged alloy parts resulting in a small arm significantly easier to control in automatic fire and over 1 lb (0.45 kg) lighter than other infantry rifles of the day. Over its production life, the original AR-10 was built in relatively small numbers, with fewer than 9,900 rifles assembled. However, the ArmaLite AR-10 would become the progenitor for a wide range of firearms.

is a upc code the same as a barcode Universal Product Code -- UPC (technically refers to UPC-A) consists of 12 numeric digits, that are uniquely assigned to each trade item. Along with the related EAN barcode, the UPC is the barcode mainly used for scanning of trade items at the point of sale, per GS1 specifications. UPC data structures are a component of GTINs and follow the global GS1 specification, which is based on international standards. But some retailers (clothing, furniture) do not use the GS1 system (rather other barcode symbologies or article number systems). On the other hand, some retailers use the EAN/UPC barcode symbology, but without using a GTIN (for products sold in their own stores only).

does the lego hobbit game have all 3 movies Lego The Hobbit (video game) -- Lego The Hobbit is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by Traveller's Tales. The game was released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment on 8 April 2014 in North America, and 11 April in Europe. The game is a follow-up to Lego The Lord of the Rings based on the first two Hobbit films; An Unexpected Journey and The Desolation of Smaug. It was released on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii U, Nintendo 3DS, OS X and Microsoft Windows.

do all states enforce a minimum drinking age of 21 National Minimum Drinking Age Act -- Despite its name, this act did not outlaw the consumption of alcoholic beverages by those under 21 years of age, just its purchase. However, Alabama, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Vermont, and the District of Columbia extended the law into an outright ban. The minimum purchase and drinking ages is a state law, and most states still permit ``underage'' consumption of alcohol in some circumstances. In some states, no restriction on private consumption is made, while in other states, consumption is only allowed in specific locations, in the presence of consenting and supervising family members, as in the states of Colorado, Maryland, Montana, New York, Texas, West Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. The act also does not seek to criminalize alcohol consumption during religious occasions (e.g. communion wines, Kiddush).

can a state constitution override the us constitution Supremacy Clause -- The Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution (Article VI, Clause 2) establishes that the Constitution, federal laws made pursuant to it, and treaties made under its authority, constitute the supreme law of the land. It provides that state courts are bound by the supreme law; in case of conflict between federal and state law, the federal law must be applied. Even state constitutions are subordinate to federal law. In essence, it is a conflict-of-laws rule specifying that certain federal acts take priority over any state acts that conflict with federal law. In this respect, the Supremacy Clause follows the lead of Article XIII of the Articles of Confederation, which provided that ``Every State shall abide by the determination of the United States in Congress Assembled, on all questions which by this confederation are submitted to them.'' A constitutional provision announcing the supremacy of federal law, the Supremacy Clause assumes the underlying priority of federal authority, at least when that authority is expressed in the Constitution itself. No matter what the federal government or the states might wish to do, they have to stay within the boundaries of the Constitution. This makes the Supremacy Clause the cornerstone of the whole American political structure.

is the better business bureau part of the government Better Business Bureau -- The Better Business Bureau (BBB), founded in 1912, is a private, nonprofit organization whose self-described mission is to focus on advancing marketplace trust, consisting of 106 independently incorporated local BBB organizations in the United States and Canada, coordinated under the Council of Better Business Bureaus (CBBB) in Arlington, Virginia.

does jackson avery die on grey's anatomy Jackson Avery -- In the series 11 finale Kepner tells Avery that she is leaving with Owen Hunt to serve as a trauma surgeon in the Army; it will help her grieve for their son. Avery lets her go and wonders how he can deal with his own grief. After discussions over the phone via Facetime, Kepner tells Avery that she is extending her service time. The sound of gunfire and explosions are heard at April's base camp, leaving her to quickly terminate the call. On Valentine's Day, Kepner returns to the hospital, where she and Avery embrace in the foyer. In season 12, their marriage begins to fall apart and they grow estranged. In episode 11, they file for a civil divorce. After their divorce is completed, Kepner reveals that she is pregnant with Avery's child. In Season 14 Jackson begins a relationship with Maggie Pierce.

can you be an attorney without taking the bar exam Admission to the bar in the United States -- Admission to the bar in the United States is the granting of permission by a particular court system to a lawyer to practice law in that system. Each U.S state and similar jurisdiction (e.g., territories under federal control) has its own court system and sets its own rules for bar admission (or privilege to practice law), which can lead to different admission standards among states. In most cases, a person who is ``admitted'' to the bar is thereby a ``member'' of the particular bar.

is the bill of rights part of the original constitution United States Bill of Rights -- The Bill of Rights is the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution. Proposed following the often bitter 1787--88 battle over ratification of the U.S. Constitution, and crafted to address the objections raised by Anti-Federalists, the Bill of Rights amendments add to the Constitution specific guarantees of personal freedoms and rights, clear limitations on the government's power in judicial and other proceedings, and explicit declarations that all powers not specifically delegated to Congress by the Constitution are reserved for the states or the people. The concepts codified in these amendments are built upon those found in several earlier documents, including the Virginia Declaration of Rights and the English Bill of Rights, along with earlier documents such as Magna Carta (1215). In practice, the amendments had little impact on judgments by the courts for the first 150 years after ratification.

is anzac day and remembrance day the same Remembrance Day -- In Australia, Remembrance Day is always observed on 11 November, regardless of the day of the week, and is not a public holiday; it is a time when people can pay their respects to the substantial number of soldiers who died in battle. Some institutions observe two-minute's silence at 11 am through a programme named Read 2 Remember, children read the Pledge of Remembrance by Rupert McCall and teachers deliver specially developed resources to help children understand the significance of the day and the resilience of those who have fought for their country and call on children to also be resilient when facing difficult times. Services are held at 11 am at war memorials and schools in suburbs and cities across the country, at which the ``Last Post'' is sounded by a bugler and a one-minute silence is observed. In recent decades, Remembrance Day has been largely eclipsed as the national day of war commemoration by ANZAC Day (25 April), which is a public holiday in all states.

didn't coldwater creek go out of business Coldwater Creek -- Coldwater Creek is an American catalog and online retailer of women's apparel, accessories and home décor with one brick-and-mortar store as of spring 2018.

do the saints run a 3 4 defense 3–4 defense -- After becoming the predominant defensive alignment in the late 1970s-early 1980s, the 3--4 defense declined in popularity over the next two decades, but experienced a resurgence in the 2000s among both professional and college football teams. As of 2017, NFL teams that regularly incorporate the 3--4 defensive alignment scheme as a base include the Green Bay Packers, Oakland Raiders, Los Angeles Rams, Pittsburgh Steelers, Baltimore Ravens, Arizona Cardinals, Indianapolis Colts, Kansas City Chiefs, New York Jets, Washington Redskins, Denver Broncos, Tennessee Titans, Houston Texans, and the Chicago Bears, who used the 3--4 as their base defense for the first time in 2015.

are liquor stores open on july 4th oklahoma Alcohol laws of Oklahoma -- It is illegal to sell packaged liquor (off-premises sales) on Sundays. Sales also are prohibited on Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Low-point beer for consumption off-premises may not be sold between 2:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m.

is hydronium ion and hydrogen ion the same Hydronium -- Hydronium is the cation that forms from water in the presence of hydrogen ions. These hydrons do not exist in a free state - they are extremely reactive and are solvated by water. An acidic solute is generally the source the hydrons; however, hydroniums exist even in pure water. This special case of water reacting with water to produce hydronium (and hydroxide) ions is commonly known as the self-ionization of water. The resulting hydronium ions are few and short-lived. pH is a measure of the relative activity of hydronium and hydroxide ions in aqueous solutions. In acidic solutions, hydronium is the more active, its excess proton being readily available for reaction with basic species.

are chestnuts and water chestnuts the same thing Chestnut -- Chestnuts should not be confused with horse chestnuts (genus Aesculus), which are not related to Castanea and are named for producing nuts of similar appearance, but which are mildly poisonous to humans, nor should they be confused with water chestnut (family Cyperaceae), which are also unrelated to Castanea and are tubers of similar taste from an aquatic herbaceous plant. Other trees commonly mistaken for chestnut trees are the chestnut oak (Quercus prinus) and the American beech (Fagus grandifolia), both of which are also in Fagaceae.

is baylor college of medicine related to baylor university Baylor College of Medicine -- In 1969, the college separated from Baylor University and became an independent institution, which allowed it access to federal research funding, changing its name to Baylor College of Medicine. That same year, BCM negotiated with the Texas Legislature to double its class size in order to increase the number of physicians in Texas.

is new york city and manhattan the same thing Neighborhoods in New York City -- New York City is split up into five boroughs, which are the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island. Each borough has the same boundaries as a county of the state. The county governments were dissolved when the city consolidated in 1898, along with all city, town, and village governments within each county. The term borough was adopted to describe a unique form of governmental administration for each of the five fundamental constituent parts of the newly consolidated city.

does the super bowl loser get a ring Super Bowl ring -- The Super Bowl ring is an award in the National Football League given to the winners of the league's annual championship game, the Super Bowl. Since only one Vince Lombardi Trophy is awarded to the team (ownership) itself, the Super Bowl ring offers a collectable memento for the actual players and team members to keep for themselves to symbolise their victory.

are seagate and western digital the same company Western Digital -- Western Digital Corporation (abbreviated WDC, commonly shortened to Western Digital or WD) is an American computer data storage company and one of the largest computer hard disk drive manufacturers in the world, along with its main competitor Seagate Technology.

does stephen curry have an olympic gold medal Stephen Curry -- Curry's first experience with the United States national team came at the 2007 FIBA Under-19 World Championship, where he helped Team USA capture the silver medal. In 2010, he was selected to the senior squad, playing limited minutes at the 2010 FIBA World Championship (known later as FIBA Basketball World Cup) as the United States won the gold medal in an undefeated tournament. In 2014, he took on a larger role with the team, helping them to another undefeated tournament at the 2014 World Cup and scoring 10 points in the final game. On June 6, 2016, Curry withdrew from consideration for the 2016 Olympics in Brazil, citing ankle and knee ailments as the major reason behind the decision.

does the sister die in the lovely bones The Lovely Bones -- Susie moves on into another, larger part of heaven, occasionally watching earthbound events. Lindsey and Samuel have a daughter together named Abigail Suzanne. While stalking a young woman in New Hampshire, Harvey is hit on the shoulder by an icicle and falls to his death down a snow-covered slope into the ravine below. At the end of the novel, a Norristown couple finds Susie's charm bracelet but don't realize its significance, and Susie closes the story by wishing the reader ``a long and happy life''.

are all members of peter paul and mary still alive Peter, Paul and Mary -- Peter, Paul and Mary was an American folk group formed in New York City in 1961, during the American folk music revival phenomenon. The trio was composed of tenor Peter Yarrow, baritone Noel Paul Stookey and alto Mary Travers. The group's repertoire included songs written by Yarrow and Stookey, early songs by Bob Dylan as well as covers of other folk musicians. After the death of Travers in 2009, Yarrow and Stookey continued to perform as a duo under their individual names.

is the movie get out based on a book Get Out -- Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written and directed by Jordan Peele in his directorial debut. It stars Daniel Kaluuya as Chris, a black man who uncovers a disturbing secret when he meets the family of his white girlfriend (Allison Williams). Bradley Whitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Stephen Root, Lakeith Stanfield, and Catherine Keener co-star.

did civil war come out before age of ultron List of Marvel Cinematic Universe films -- The film is set one year after the events of Avengers: Age of Ultron. Captain America: Civil War introduces Tom Holland as Peter Parker / Spider-Man and Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther to the MCU, who appear in solo films in 2017 and 2018, respectively. William Hurt reprises his role as Thunderbolt Ross from The Incredible Hulk, and is now the US Secretary of State. For the mid-credits scene, in which Black Panther offers Captain America and Bucky Barnes asylum in Wakanda, Joe and Anthony Russo received input from Black Panther director Ryan Coogler on the look and design of Wakanda.

has sweden ever been in a world cup final Sweden at the FIFA World Cup -- Sweden have been one of the more successful national teams in the history of the World Cup, having reached 4 semi-finals, and becoming runners-up on home ground in 1958. They have been present at 11 out of 20 World Cups by 2014.

is canada a state in the united states 51st state -- In the United States, the term ``the 51st state'' when applied to Canada can serve to highlight the similarities and close relationship between the United States and Canada. Sometimes the term is used disparagingly, intended to deride Canada as an unimportant neighbor. In the Quebec general election, 1989, the political party Parti 51 ran 11 candidates on a platform of Quebec seceding from Canada to join the United States (with its leader, André Perron, claiming Quebec could not survive as an independent nation). The party attracted just 3,846 votes across the province, 0.11% of the total votes cast. In comparison, the other parties in favour of sovereignty of Quebec in that election got 40.16% (PQ) and 1.22% (NPDQ).

was ontario one of the last province to introduce human rights legislation Ontario Human Rights Code -- The Ontario Human Rights Code was the first law of its kind in Canada. Before June 15, 1962, various laws dealt with different kinds of discrimination. The Code brought them together into one law and added some new protections.

did peyton manning ever play eli manning in the super bowl Peyton Manning -- Peyton and Eli Manning played against each other three times in their professional careers, not counting Pro Bowls or the preseason. These encounters were colloquially dubbed ``The Manning Bowl'', and Peyton's teams (twice with the Colts, once with the Broncos) held a 3--0 record over Eli's team (three games with the New York Giants). The first Manning Bowl was held on September 10, 2006, and Peyton's Colts defeated Eli's Giants by a score of 26--21. The second Manning Bowl was held on September 19, 2010, with Peyton and the Colts besting Eli's team again by a score of 38--14. The third and final Manning Bowl took place on September 15, 2013, and Peyton and the Broncos beat Eli's Giants, 41--23.

is there always a stinger in a bee sting Bee sting -- Although it is widely believed that a worker honey bee can sting only once, this is a partial misconception: although the stinger is in fact barbed so that it lodges in the victim's skin, tearing loose from the bee's abdomen and leading to its death in minutes, this only happens if the skin of the victim is sufficiently thick, such as a mammal's. Honey bees are the only hymenoptera with a strongly barbed sting, though yellow jackets and some other wasps have small barbs.

is there a season 8 of once apon a time Once Upon a Time (TV series) -- Once Upon a Time is an American fantasy drama television series on ABC which debuted on October 23, 2011, and concluded on May 18, 2018. The first six seasons are largely set in the fictitious seaside town of Storybrooke, Maine, with the character of Emma Swan serving as the lead, while the seventh and final season takes place in a Seattle, Washington neighborhood called Hyperion Heights, with a new main narrative led by Swan's son, Henry Mills. The show borrows elements and characters from the Disney franchise and popular Western literature, folklore, and fairy tales.

is the language the same in north and south korea North–South differences in the Korean language -- The Korean language has changed between the two states due to the length of time that North and South Korea have been separated.

is the last of us a ps4 exclusive The Last of Us -- The Last of Us is an action-adventure survival horror video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 3 worldwide on June 14, 2013. Players control Joel, a smuggler tasked with escorting a teenage girl named Ellie across a post-apocalyptic United States. The Last of Us is played from a third-person perspective; players use firearms and improvised weapons, and can use stealth to defend against hostile humans and cannibalistic creatures infected by a mutated strain of the Cordyceps fungus. In the game's online multiplayer mode, up to eight players engage in cooperative and competitive gameplay.

do you have to have a license to own a tv in england Television licensing in the United Kingdom -- In the United Kingdom and the Crown dependencies, any household watching or recording live television transmissions as they are being broadcast (terrestrial, satellite, cable, or Internet) is required to hold a television licence. Businesses, hospitals, schools and a range of other organisations are also required to hold television licences to watch and record live TV broadcasts. A television licence is also required to receive video on demand programme services provided by the BBC, on the iPlayer catch-up service.

do all eye doctors use the same eye chart Snellen chart -- A Snellen chart is an eye chart that can be used to measure visual acuity. Snellen charts are named after the Dutch ophthalmologist Herman Snellen, who developed the chart in 1862. Many ophthalmologists and vision scientists now use an improved chart known as the LogMAR chart.

do you need a permit to open carry in nc Gun laws in North Carolina -- Open carry is also legal throughout North Carolina. In the town of Chapel Hill, open carry is restricted to guns of a certain minimum size, under the theory that small, concealable handguns are more often associated with criminal activity. No permit is required to carry a handgun openly in North Carolina. In the court case of State v. Kerner(1921) the defendant ended up getting into some type of confrontation with another man. The defendant proceeded to walk back to his place of work, get his gun, and then return to the scene to fight. The defendant ended up being charged with ``carrying a concealed weapon'' and ``carrying his pistol off his premises unconcealed,'' which violated a local act applicable to Forsyth County and ended up being a misdemeanor. The defendant was taken to trial and the trial judge then dismissed the charge as unconstitutional. The state then appealed, and the supreme court affirmed. During court, the court stated at the beginning that the Second Amendment did not apply, because ``the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution are restrictions on the federal authority and not the states.'' Therefore, with that being said, it focused more on the state constitution. The state constitution states that: ``A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.'' The court viewed the provision as protecting the right to carry arms in public. Forsyth County's local act was condemned and seen as distasteful, because it ended up putting a restriction on a persons right to carry a pistol, more so an unconcealed pistol. Although, the case of State v. Kerner helped/made more clear the allowance of openly carrying a pistol, it does not preclude all regulations regarding the carrying of firearms.

is the derivative of a continuous function always continuous Differentiable function -- A function f is said to be continuously differentiable if the derivative f′(x) exists and is itself a continuous function. Though the derivative of a differentiable function never has a jump discontinuity, it is possible for the derivative to have an essential discontinuity. For example, the function

is benzalkonium chloride the same as hydrogen peroxide Benzalkonium chloride -- Benzalkonium chloride is also used in many non-consumer processes and products, including as an active ingredient in surgical disinfection. A comprehensive list of uses includes industrial applications. An advantage of benzalkonium chloride, not shared by ethanol-based antiseptics or hydrogen peroxide antiseptic, is that it does not cause a burning sensation when applied to broken skin. . However, prolonged or repeated skin contact may cause dermatitis.

is the county court business centre a real court County Court Business Centre -- The County Court Business Centre (CCBC) is a centre of the County Court of England and Wales created to deal with claims by the use of various electronic media. Unlike other County Court centres the CCBC does not physically hear cases. If any case might require a hearing it is transferred to another centre.

is there tea in long island iced tea Long Island Iced Tea -- A Long Island Iced Tea is a type of alcoholic mixed drink typically made with vodka, tequila, light rum, triple sec, gin, and a splash of cola, which gives the drink the same amber hue as its namesake. A popular version mixes equal parts vodka, gin, rum, triple sec, with ​1 ⁄ parts sour mix and a splash of cola. Lastly, it is decorated with the lemon and straw, after stirring with bar spoon smoothly.

do non permanent members security council have veto United Nations Security Council veto power -- The United Nations Security Council ``veto power'' refers to the power of the permanent members of the UN Security Council (China, France, Russia, United Kingdom, and United States) to veto any ``substantive'' resolution. A permanent member's abstention or absence does not prevent a draft resolution from being adopted. This veto power does not apply to ``procedural'' votes, as determined by the permanent members themselves. A permanent member can also block the selection of a Secretary-General, although a formal veto is unnecessary since the vote is taken behind closed doors.

is somewhere over the rainbow a love song Over the Rainbow -- About five minutes into the film, Dorothy sings the song after failing to get Aunt Em, Uncle Henry, and the farmhands to listen to her relate an unpleasant incident involving her dog, Toto, and the town spinster, Miss Gulch (Margaret Hamilton). Aunt Em tells her to ``find yourself a place where you won't get into any trouble''. This prompts her to walk off by herself, musing to Toto, ``Some place where there isn't any trouble. Do you suppose there is such a place, Toto? There must be. It's not a place you can get to by a boat, or a train. It's far, far away. Behind the moon, beyond the rain...'', at which point she begins singing.

do sean and alex get together on nikita Alex Udinov -- Alex's past love interest. Though they had a very rough start from the beginning they eventually started to soften towards each other. Sean has a hard time getting Alex to bring down her walls. Alex herself tries not to get emotional and Sean sometimes gets Alex to recognize that he likes her. Despite Sean giving many signs of attraction to Alex, she either ignored them or she was oblivious to them since she was emotionally not ready to commit to a relationship with all the things happening in her life. He and Alex share a first kiss in a car with Birkoff driving and Ryan in the passenger seat. In the second-season finale, he tries to ask her out on a date four times, but Alex never lets him finish due to being in action, criticizing that he said that she was a goal, Alex passing out due to a broken arm and being electrocuted, and Nikita interrupting Sean right before he was going to ask Alex while she was in a Division medical facility. At the start of season 3, it appears Alex and Sean are in a relationship. However, by episode 3 it is revealed that Sean is only at Division for Alex, because he loved her. But Alex is at Division because it is the only place she knows as home, where she can be herself, and where her ``family'' (Nikita) is. After a toxin is released in the lab, Sean returns to ask Alex why she's not returning his calls, and asks her again why she's still there. ``I can't tell you what to do, Alex, but I'm not going to stand by and watch this place destroy another person that I love,'' he says before he kisses her. ``I love you, but if that's not enough of a reason for you to leave, I've got no reason to stay.'' After he leaves, she pops a pill and heads for the operations floor, insisting that she ought to be included in the hunt for Amanda. They eventually make up after an emotional scene in a medical room, they then entered a storage closet and make love, for the first time. In ``Black Badge'', Amanda framed Sean for the death of the head of the CIA. As a result, they faked his death and Sean was officially welcomed into Division by Alex. Sean died in season 3 episode 18, as a result of a bullet nicking his artery. They shared their last moments together in where they met, operations. When Nikita enters OPS, she finds Birkoff near Sean and Alex gone. She presumably went to get revenge for the current events. Sean later died in Alex's arms towards the end of season 3.

do all xbox 360 games work on xbox one x List of backward compatible games for Xbox One -- During Microsoft's E3 2015 press conference on June 15, 2015, Microsoft announced plans to introduce Xbox 360 backward compatibility on the Xbox One at no additional cost. Supported Xbox 360 games will run within an emulator and have access to certain Xbox One features, such as recording and broadcasting gameplay. Games do not run directly from discs. A ported form of the game is downloaded automatically when a supported game is inserted, while digitally-purchased games will automatically appear for download in the user's library once available. As with Xbox One titles, if the game is installed using physical media, the disc is still required for validation purposes.

is super better than perfect in just dance Just Dance 2018 -- As with the previous installments of the franchise, players must mimic the on-screen dancer's choreography to a chosen song using either motion controllers or the game's associated Just Dance Controller app on a smartphone. A new ``Super'' judgment was added between ``Good'' and ``Perfect''. The ``Dance Lab'' mode features medleys of choreography representing different professions and animals, while a new ``Kids Mode'' was designed to provide a gameplay experience and choreography tailored towards younger players.

do commercial aircraft fly over the north pole Polar route -- The southernmost flight route with plausible airports would be between Buenos Aires and Perth. With a 175° (S) heading, the route's great circle exceeds 85 °S and would be within 500 kilometres (270 nmi) from the South Pole. Currently, no commercial airliners operates this 6,800 nautical miles (12,600 km) route. However, in February, 2018, it was stated that Norwegian Air Argentina is considering this ``less than 15 hours'' trans-polar flight between South America and Asia, with a stop-over in Perth enroute Singapore. They will not fly over the South Pole, but around Antarctica taking advantage of the strong winds which circle that continent in an easterly direction. Hence, the ``westbound'' flight from Buenos Aires would actually travel south-east south of Cape Town, over the southern Indian Ocean and on to Perth, while the true ``eastbound'' flight would also head south-east south of Tasmania and New Zealand, over the South Pacific and on to South America. If this route becomes operational, a Buenos Aires - Singapore return flight would possibly be the fastest circumnavigation available with commercial airliners, although Perth - Buenos Aires return would be faster but without passing the Equator.

does every school in the uk wear uniforms School uniforms by country -- While school uniform is common in the United Kingdom, there is no legislation enforcing it in any of the three separate legal jurisdictions of England & Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland, and enforcement of school uniform policy and dress codes is generally for individual schools to determine. However, schools do have to take into account Equality legislation in dress policies to prevent discrimination on grounds such as age, sex, race, disability, religion or belief and sexual orientation. School uniforms are required to be similar in cost for both boys and girls, to be reasonably low cost, and to tolerate religious freedoms, e.g. allowing male Sikhs to wear turbans and female Muslims to wear headscarfs. In order to ensure that policies are fair and non-discriminatory schools are expected to consult widely with staff, pupils, parents and governors when introducing or amending dress policies.

is a grouse the same as a partridge Ruffed grouse -- The ruffed grouse is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a ``partridge'', an unrelated phasianid, and occasionally confused with the grey partridge, a bird of open areas rather than woodlands.

do i use plumbers tape on compression fittings Compression fitting -- Thread sealants such as joint compound (pipe dope or thread seal tape such as PTFE tape) are unnecessary on compression fitting threads, as it is not the thread that seals the joint but rather the compression of the ferrule between the nut and pipe. However, a small amount of plumber's grease or light oil applied to the threads will provide lubrication to help ensure a smooth, consistent tightening of the compression nut.

are kansas city ks and kansas city mo the same city Kansas City metropolitan area -- In Wyandotte County lies Kansas City, Kansas, which is locally called ``KCK'' to distinguish it from the larger Kansas City, Missouri (KCMO). It contains many residential neighborhoods, the Fairfax Industrial District, and the Village West entertainment district. The General Motors Fairfax Assembly Plant is located in the Fairfax Industrial District. Village West contains many area attractions. This includes many sporting venues such as Children's Mercy Park, home of the area MLS soccer team Sporting Kansas City, the Kansas Speedway, which hosts many NASCAR races, and Community America Ballpark, home of the independent baseball team, the Kansas City T-Bones. Other Village West attractions include the Legends shopping district, the Providence Medical Center Amphitheater, and Schlitterbahn Waterpark.

is remember the titans based on a book Remember the Titans -- Remember the Titans is a 2000 American biographical sports drama film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin. The screenplay, written by Gregory Allen Howard, is based on the true story of African-American coach Herman Boone, portrayed by Denzel Washington, and his attempt to integrate the T.C. Williams High School football team in Alexandria, Virginia, in 1971. Will Patton portrays Bill Yoast, Boone's assistant coach. Real-life athletes Gerry Bertier and Julius Campbell are portrayed by Ryan Hurst and Wood Harris, respectively.

does a .org have to be a non profit .org -- The domain name org is a generic top-level domain (gTLD) of the Domain Name System (DNS) used in the Internet. The name is truncated from organization. It was one of the original domains established in 1985, and has been operated by the Public Interest Registry since 2003. The domain was originally intended for non-profit entities, but this restriction was not enforced and has been removed. The domain is commonly used by schools, open-source projects, and communities, but also by some for-profit entities. The number of registered domains in org has increased from fewer than one million in the 1990s, to ten million as of June 2012.

was child's play 3 banned in uk Child's Play 3 -- The film also had some controversy because it has been indirectly linked to the brutal United Kingdom murder of James Bulger. The killers, who were 10 years old at the time, were said to have imitated a scene in which one of Chucky's victims is splashed with blue paint. Although these allegations against the film have never been proven, the case has led to some new legislation for video films. Psychologist Guy Cumberbatch has stated, ``The link with a video was that the father of one of the boys -- Jon Venables -- had rented Child's Play 3: Look Who's Stalking some months earlier.'' However, the police officer who directed the investigation, Albert Kirby, found that the son, Jon, was not living with his father at the time and was unlikely to have seen the film. Moreover, the boy disliked horror films--a point later confirmed by psychiatric reports. Thus the police investigation, which had specifically looked for a video link, concluded there was none.

do you have to use all the numbers on countdown Countdown (game show) -- The contestant in control chooses six of 24 shuffled face-down number tiles, arranged into two groups: 20 ``small numbers'' (two each of 1 through 10), and four ``large numbers'' of 25, 50, 75 and 100. Some special episodes replace the large numbers with 12, 37, 62 and 87. The contestant decides how many large numbers are to be used, from none to all four, after which the six tiles are randomly drawn and placed on the board. A random three-digit target number is then generated by an electronic machine, affectionately known as ``CECIL'' (which stands for Countdown's Electronic Calculator In Leeds). The contestants have 30 seconds to work out a sequence of calculations with the numbers whose final result is as close to the target number as possible. They may use only the four basic operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division, and do not have to use all six numbers. A number may not be used more times than it appears on the board. Fractions are not allowed, and only positive integers may be obtained as a result at any stage of the calculation. As in the letters rounds, any contestant who does not write down their calculations in time must go first, and both contestants must show their work to each other if their results and calculations are identical.

is commercial law and corporate law the same Corporate law -- While the minute nature of corporate governance as personified by share ownership, capital market, and business culture rules differ, similar legal characteristics - and legal problems - exist across many jurisdictions. Corporate law regulates how corporations, investors, shareholders, directors, employees, creditors, and other stakeholders such as consumers, the community, and the environment interact with one another. Whilst the term company or business law is colloquially used interchangeably with corporate law, business law often refers to wider concepts of commercial law, that is, the law relating to commercial or business related activities. In some cases, this may include matters relating to corporate governance or financial law. When used as a substitute for corporate law, business law means the law relating to the business corporation(or business enterprises), i.e. capital raising (through equity or debt), company formation, registration, etc.

do you need a license to carry in new hampshire Gun laws in New Hampshire -- Since 22 February 2017, New Hampshire is a constitutional carry state, requiring no license to open carry or concealed carry a firearm in public. Concealed carry permits are still issued for purposes of reciprocity with other states.

is new york and new jersey the same state New Jersey -- New Jersey is a state in the Mid-Atlantic region of the Northeastern United States. It is a peninsula, bordered on the north and east by the state of New York; on the east, southeast, and south by the Atlantic Ocean; on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania; and on the southwest by the Delaware Bay and Delaware. New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area but the 11th-most populous, with 9 million residents as of 2017, and the most densely populated of the 50 U.S. states. New Jersey lies completely within the combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia and is the third-wealthiest state by median household income as of 2016.

could you buy your council house before 1979 Right to Buy -- After Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister in May 1979, the legislation to implement the Right to Buy was passed in the Housing Act 1980. Michael Heseltine, in his role as Secretary of State for the Environment, was in charge of implementing the legislation. Some 6,000,000 people were affected; about one in three actually purchased their housing unit. Heseltine noted that ``no single piece of legislation has enabled the transfer of so much capital wealth from the state to the people''. He said the right to buy had two main objectives: to give people what they wanted, and to reverse the trend of ever-increasing dominance of the state over the life of the individual.

is an english bull terrier a pit bull Bull and Terrier -- The Bull and Terrier is an extinct type of dog that was the progenitor of the American Pit Bull Terrier, American Staffordshire Terrier, English Bull Terrier and the Staffordshire Bull Terrier.

are solar cells the same as solar panels Solar cell -- A solar cell, or photovoltaic cell, is an electrical device that converts the energy of light directly into electricity by the photovoltaic effect, which is a physical and chemical phenomenon. It is a form of photoelectric cell, defined as a device whose electrical characteristics, such as current, voltage, or resistance, vary when exposed to light. Individual solar cell devices can be combined to form modules, otherwise known as solar panels. In basic terms a single junction silicon solar cell can produce a maximum open-circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 to 0.6 volts.

is there a fourth season of doctor doctor Doctor Doctor (Australian TV series) -- On 28 September 2016, Nine renewed the program for a second season after just two episodes having been aired. On 11 October 2017, the series was renewed for a third season at Nine's upfronts. and premiered on Monday, 6 August 2018, instead of the previous Wednesday night slot. On 17 October 2018 the series was renewed for a fourth season.

are cruel intentions 1 and 2 the same Cruel Intentions 2 -- Cruel Intentions 2 (also known as Cruel Intentions 2: Manchester Prep or simply as Manchester Prep) is the 2001 American comedy-drama film. It was written and directed by Roger Kumble and starring Robin Dunne, Sarah Thompson, Keri Lynn Pratt and Amy Adams. It is a prequel to Cruel Intentions (1999) and was released direct-to-video on March 13, 2001. Both films are based on Les Liaisons dangereuses by Choderlos de Laclos.

can we travel to ireland with schengen visa Visa policy of Ireland -- Although Ireland is a member of the European Union, it has an opt-out from the Schengen Area and is therefore able to set its own visa policy. Ireland also operates the Common Travel Area with the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man which allows for open internal borders between the countries and territories. Established in 1923, it permits British and Irish citizens to freely move around the Common Travel Area with minimal identity documents.

is the sears tower still the tallest building Willis Tower -- The Willis Tower, built as and still commonly referred to as the Sears Tower, is a 110-story, 1,450-foot (442.1 m) skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. At completion in 1973, it surpassed the World Trade Center towers in New York to become the tallest building in the world, a title it held for nearly 25 years; it remained the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere until the completion of a new building at the World Trade Center site in 2014. The building is considered a seminal achievement for its designer Fazlur Rahman Khan. The Willis Tower is the second-tallest building in the United States and the Western hemisphere -- and the 16th-tallest in the world. More than one million people visit its observation deck each year, making it one of Chicago's most-popular tourist destinations. The structure was renamed in 2009 by the Willis Group as part of its lease on a portion of the tower's space.

is hydraulic lime and hydrated lime the same Hydraulic lime -- The terms hydraulic lime and hydrated lime are quite similar and may be confused but are not necessarily the same material: hydrated lime is any lime which has been slaked whether it sets through hydration, carbonation, or both.

does halo 2 have achievements on xbox 360 Halo 2 -- On February 9, 2006, Nick Baron announced that a version of Halo 2 would be released on PC, exclusively for the Windows Vista operating system. While this was a deliberate decision by Microsoft to push sales of Vista, the game could be enabled to play on Windows XP through an unauthorized third-party patch. The game was ported by a small team at Microsoft Game Studios (codenamed Hired Gun) who worked closely with Bungie. As one of the launch titles of Games for Windows -- Live, the game offered Live features not available in the Xbox version, such as guide support and achievements. The Windows port also added two exclusive multiplayer maps and a map editor.

is a no insurance ticket a moving violation Moving violation -- A moving violation is any violation of the law committed by the driver of a vehicle while it is in motion. The term ``motion'' distinguishes it from other motor vehicle violations, such as paperwork violations (which include violations involving automobile insurance, registration and inspection), parking violations, or equipment violations.

is palm kernel oil the same as coconut oil Palm kernel oil -- Palm kernel oil is an edible plant oil derived from the kernel of the oil palm Elaeis guineensis. It should not be confused with the other two edible oils derived from palm fruits: palm oil, extracted from the pulp of the oil palm fruit, and coconut oil, extracted from the kernel of the coconut.

does ross on wye have a train station Ross-on-Wye railway station -- Ross-on-Wye railway station is a former junction railway station on the Hereford, Ross and Gloucester Railway constructed just to the north of the Herefordshire town of Ross-on-Wye. It was the terminus of the Ross and Monmouth Railway which joined the Hereford, Ross and Gloucester Railway just south of the station.

is windows subsystem for linux a virtual machine Windows Subsystem for Linux -- Microsoft envisages WSL as ``primarily a tool for developers -- especially web developers and those who work on or with open source projects''. WSL uses fewer resources than a fully virtualized machine, the most direct way to run Linux software in a Windows environment, while also allowing users to use Windows apps and Linux tools on the same set of files.

are black and yellow garden spiders poisonous to humans Argiope aurantia -- The spider species Argiope aurantia is commonly known as the yellow garden spider, black and yellow garden spider, golden garden spider, writing spider, corn spider, or McKinley spider. It is common to the contiguous United States, Hawaii, southern Canada, Mexico, and Central America. It has distinctive yellow and black markings on the abdomen and a mostly white cephalothorax. Its scientific Latin name translates to ``gilded silver-face'' (the genus name Argiope meaning ``silver-face'', while the specific epithet aurantia means ``gilded''). Males range from 5--9 mm (0.20--0.35 in); females range from 19--28 mm (0.75--1.10 in). These spiders may bite if disturbed or harassed, but the venom is seemingly harmless to humans.

is mount fuji the tallest mountain in the world Mount Fuji -- Mount Fuji (富士山, Fujisan, IPA: (ɸɯꜜdʑisaɴ) ( listen)), located on Honshū, is the highest mountain in Japan at 3,776.24 m (12,389 ft), 2nd-highest peak of an island (volcanic) in Asia, and 7th-highest peak of an island in the world. It is an active stratovolcano that last erupted in 1707--1708. Mount Fuji lies about 100 kilometers (60 mi) south-west of Tokyo, and can be seen from there on a clear day. Mount Fuji's exceptionally symmetrical cone, which is snow-capped for about 5 months a year, is a well-known symbol of Japan and it is frequently depicted in art and photographs, as well as visited by sightseers and climbers.

is top sirloin steak the same as sirloin steak Sirloin steak -- In a common U.S. butchery, the steak is cut from the rear back portion of the animal, continuing off the short loin from which T-bone, porterhouse, and club steaks are cut. The sirloin is actually divided into several types of steak. The top sirloin is the most prized of these and is specifically marked for sale under that name. The bottom sirloin, which is less tender and much larger, is typically marked for sale simply as ``sirloin steak''. The bottom sirloin in turn connects to the sirloin tip roast.

does every country have their own sign language List of sign languages -- There are perhaps three hundred sign languages in use around the world today. The number is not known with any confidence; new sign languages emerge frequently through creolization and de novo (and occasionally through language planning). In some countries, such as Sri Lanka and Tanzania, each school for the deaf may have a separate language, known only to its students and sometimes denied by the school; on the other hand, countries may share sign languages, though sometimes under different names (Croatian and Serbian, Indian and Pakistani). Deaf sign languages also arise outside educational institutions, especially in village communities with high levels of congenital deafness, but there are significant sign languages developed for the hearing as well, such as the speech-taboo languages used in aboriginal Australia. Scholars are doing field surveys to identify the world's sign languages.

do you have to go into the military if you go to the citadel The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina -- The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, commonly referred to simply as The Citadel, is a state-supported, comprehensive college located in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Established in 1842, it is one of six United States senior military colleges. It has 18 academic departments divided into five schools offering 29 majors and 38 minors. The military program consists of cadets pursuing bachelor's degrees who live on campus, while civilian degrees are offered through 8 undergraduate and 24 graduate programs.

are honey bees and bumble bees the same Bumblebee -- Most bumblebees are social insects that form colonies with a single queen. The colonies are smaller than those of honey bees, growing to as few as 50 individuals in a nest. Female bumblebees can sting repeatedly, but generally ignore humans and other animals. Cuckoo bumblebees do not make nests; their queens aggressively invade the nests of other bumblebee species, kill the resident queens and then lay their own eggs, which are cared for by the resident workers.

is a lion part of the dog family Lion -- The lion (Panthera leo) is a species in the cat family (Felidae); it is a muscular, deep-chested cat with a short, rounded head, a reduced neck and round ears, and a hairy tuft at the end of its tail. The lion is sexually dimorphic; males are larger than females with a typical weight range of 150 to 250 kg (331 to 551 lb) for the former and 120 to 182 kg (265 to 401 lb) for the latter. Male lions have a prominent mane, which is the most recognisable feature of the species. A lion pride consists of a few adult males, related females and cubs. Groups of female lions typically hunt together, preying mostly on large ungulates. The species is an apex and keystone predator, although they scavenge when opportunities occur. Some lions have been known to hunt humans, although the species typically does not.

can ipad mini 1st generation get ios 10 iPad Mini (1st generation) -- On June 13, 2016, Apple announced the iOS 10 update - with some major updates to the mobile operating system. However, the iPad Mini did not receive this update (along with other devices using the A5 processor including the iPhone 4S, iPad 2, iPad (3rd generation), and iPod Touch (5th generation)) due to hardware limitations.

is the girl who leapt through time studio ghibli The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (2006 film) -- Justin Sevakis of Anime News Network praised the film for its ``absolute magic.'' Sevakis felt that the film has ``more in common with the best shoujo manga than (author Yasutaka) Tsutsui's other work Paprika''. He said that the voice acting has ``the right amount of realism (for the film)''. Ty Burr of The Boston Globe praised the film's visuals and pace. He also compared the film to the works of Studio Ghibli. Nick Pinkerton of The Village Voice said, ``there's real craftsmanship for how (the film) sustains its sense of summer quietude and sun-soaked haziness through a few carefully reprised motifs: three-cornered games of catch, mountainous cloud formations, classroom still-lifes.'' Pinkerton also said that the film is the ``equivalent of a sensitively wrought read from the Young Adult shelf, and there's naught wrong with that.'' Author Yasutaka Tsutsui praised the film as being ``a true second-generation'' of his book at the Tokyo International Anime Fair on March 24, 2006.

is the monorail at disney a maglev train Walt Disney World Monorail System -- The trains in use since 1989 are each 203 ft 6 in (62.03 m) long (consisting of six cars) and can carry 360 passengers. The trains are driven by eight 113 hp (84 kW) motors which are powered by a 600-volt electrical system running through a busbar mounted on each side of the concrete beam. Each train also has seven inverters on board that convert the 600 V DC to 230 V AC for use by the air conditioners and air compressor, and additionally has a battery-backed 37 V DC low-voltage supply that provides power for the train's electronics. The trains are also equipped with a towing knuckle at each end to allow it to be pushed or pulled by a special diesel-powered tractor if need be.

is washington dc a part of any state Washington, D.C. -- Washington, D.C., is located in the mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. East Coast. Due to the District of Columbia retrocession, the city has a total area of 68.34 square miles (177.0 km), of which 61.05 square miles (158.1 km) is land and 7.29 square miles (18.9 km) (10.67%) is water. The District is bordered by Montgomery County, Maryland, to the northwest; Prince George's County, Maryland, to the east; and Arlington and Alexandria, Virginia, to the south and west.

are tonsil stones and salivary stones the same Sialolithiasis -- The term is derived from the Greek words sialon (saliva) and lithos (stone), and the Latin -iasis meaning ``process'' or ``morbid condition''. A calculus (plural calculi) is a hard, stone-like concretion that forms within an organ or duct inside the body. They are usually made from mineral salts, and other types of calculi include tonsiloliths (tonsil stones) and renal calculi (kidney stones). Sialolithiasis refers to the formation of calculi within a salivary gland. If a calculus forms in the duct that drains the saliva from a salivary gland into the mouth, then saliva will be trapped in the gland. This may cause painful swelling and inflammation of the gland. Inflammation of a salivary gland is termed sialadenitis. Inflammation associated with blockage of the duct is sometimes termed ``obstructive sialadenitis''. Because saliva is stimulated to flow more with the thought, sight or smell of food, or with chewing, pain and swelling will often get suddenly worse just before and during a meal (``peri-prandial''), and then slowly decrease after eating, this is termed meal time syndrome. However, calculi are not the only reasons that a salivary gland may become blocked and give rise to the meal time syndrome. Obstructive salivary gland disease, or obstructive sialadenitis, may also occur due to fibromucinous plugs, duct stenosis, foreign bodies, anatomic variations, or malformations of the duct system leading to a mechanical obstruction associated with stasis of saliva in the duct.

was bennie and the jets a real band Bennie and the Jets -- The song tells of ``Bennie and the Jets'', a fictional band of whom the song's narrator is a fan. The song is written in the key of G major. In interviews, Taupin has said that the song's lyrics are a satire on the music industry of the 1970s. The greed and glitz of the early 1970s music scene is portrayed by Taupin's words:

can the president pardon someone for a state crime Pardon -- The pardon power of the President extends only to an offense recognizable under federal law. However, the governors of most of the 50 states have the power to grant pardons or reprieves for offenses under state criminal law. In other states, that power is committed to an appointed agency or board, or to a board and the governor in some hybrid arrangement (in some states the agency is merged with that of the parole board, as in the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board).

is the movie sling blade a true story Sling Blade (film) -- Sling Blade is a 1996 American drama film written and directed by Billy Bob Thornton, who also stars in the lead role. Set in rural Arkansas, the film tells the story of a man named Karl Childers who has an intellectual disability and is released from a psychiatric hospital, where he has lived since killing his mother and her lover when he was 12 years old, and the friendship he develops with a young boy and his mother. In addition to Thornton, it stars Dwight Yoakam, J.T. Walsh, John Ritter, Lucas Black, Natalie Canerday, James Hampton, and Robert Duvall.

is the chernobyl nuclear power plant still operating Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant -- The Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant or Chernobyl Nuclear Power Station (Ukrainian: Чорнобильська атомна електростанція, Chornobyls'ka Atomna Elektrostantsiya, Russian: Чернобыльская АЭС, Chernobyl'skaya AES) is a decommissioned nuclear power station near the city of Pripyat, Ukraine, 14.5 km (9.0 mi) northwest of the city of Chernobyl, 16 km (9.9 mi) from the Belarus--Ukraine border, and about 110 km (68 mi) north of Kiev. Reactor No. 4 was the site of the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 and the power plant is now within a large restricted area known as the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. Both the zone and the former power plant are administered by the State Agency of Ukraine of the Exclusion Zone (Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources). All four reactors have been shut down.

is the olympic gold medal made of gold Gold medal -- While some gold medals are solid gold, others are gold-plated or silver-gilt, like those of the Olympic Games, the Lorentz Medal, the United States Congressional Gold Medal and the Nobel Prize medal. Nobel Prize medals consist of 18 karat green gold plated with 24 karat gold. Before 1980 they were struck in 23 karat gold.

is republic of ireland part of schengen visa Visa policy of Ireland -- Although Ireland is a member of the European Union, it has an opt-out from the Schengen Area and is therefore able to set its own visa policy. Ireland also operates the Common Travel Area with the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man which allows for open internal borders between the countries and territories. Established in 1923, it permits British and Irish citizens to freely move around the Common Travel Area with minimal identity documents.

is central bank of india and reserve bank of india same Central Bank of India -- Central Bank of India has approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for permission to open representative offices in five more locations - Singapore, Dubai, Doha and London.

is a football field equal to an acre Acre -- Perhaps the easiest way for US residents to envision an acre is as a rectangle measuring 88 yards by 55 yards (​⁄ of 880 yards by ​⁄ of 880 yards), about ​⁄ the size of a standard American football field.

is a chipmunk the same as a ground squirrel Ground squirrel -- The ground squirrels are members of the squirrel family of rodents (Sciuridae) which generally live on or in the ground, rather than trees. The term is most often used for the medium-sized ground squirrels, as the larger ones are more commonly known as marmots (genus Marmota) or prairie dogs, while the smaller and less bushy-tailed ground squirrels tend to be known as chipmunks. Together, they make up the ``marmot tribe'' of squirrels, Marmotini, and the large and mainly ground squirrel subfamily Xerinae, and containing six living genera. Well-known members of this largely Holarctic group are the marmots (Marmota), including the American groundhog, the chipmunks, the susliks (Spermophilus), and the prairie dogs (Cynomys). They are highly variable in size and habitus, but most are remarkably able to rise up on their hind legs and stand fully erect comfortably for prolonged periods. They also tend to be far more gregarious than other squirrels, and many live in colonies with complex social structures. Most Marmotini are rather short-tailed and large squirrels, and the alpine marmot (Marmota marmota) is the largest living member of the Sciuridae, at 53--73 cm in length and weighing 5--8 kg.

is gear oil the same as motor oil Gear oil -- While they take the same form, the viscosity grades for gear oils are on a different scale than the viscosity grades for an engine oil. The viscometrics for gear oils are standardized in SAE J306. Multigrade gear oils are becoming more common; while gear oil does not reach the temperatures of motor oil, it does warm up appreciably as the car is driven, due mostly to shear friction (with a small amount of heat conduction through the bellhousing from the engine block).

is pasadena part of the san fernando valley San Fernando Valley -- Nearly two-thirds of the valley's land area is part of the city of Los Angeles. The other incorporated cities in the valley are Glendale, Burbank, San Fernando, Hidden Hills, Agoura Hills, and Calabasas.

is a private equity fund a financial institution Private equity fund -- A private equity fund is a collective investment scheme used for making investments in various equity (and to a lesser extent debt) securities according to one of the investment strategies associated with private equity. Private equity funds are typically limited partnerships with a fixed term of 10 years (often with annual extensions). At inception, institutional investors make an unfunded commitment to the limited partnership, which is then drawn over the term of the fund. From the investors' point of view, funds can be traditional (where all the investors invest with equal terms) or asymmetric (where different investors have different terms).

does the winner of the british open get to keep the jug Claret Jug -- The current Claret Jug was first awarded to Walter Hagen for winning the 1928 Open. The winner must return the trophy before the next year's Open, and receives a replica to keep permanently. Three other replicas exist: one in the British Museum of Golf at St Andrews, and two used for travelling exhibitions.

is me to we a non profit organization Me to We -- ME to WE is a socially conscious lifestyle brand, with half of its annual net profits donated to Free The Children, now known as WE Charity, and the other half reinvested to keep the social enterprise sustainable. The enterprise has been noted in Canadian media for setting new standards of governance in the social enterprise field.

is mahi mahi the same as ahi tuna Mahi-mahi -- The mahi-mahi (/ˈmɑːhiːˈmɑːhiː/) or common dolphinfish (Coryphaena hippurus) is a surface-dwelling ray-finned fish found in off-shore temperate, tropical, and subtropical waters worldwide. Also widely called dorado and dolphin, it is one of two members of the Coryphaenidae family, the other being the pompano dolphinfish.

is canada dry ginger ale made in canada Canada Dry -- Canada Dry is a brand of soft drinks owned since 2008 by the American Keurig Dr Pepper. For over a century, Canada Dry has been known for its ginger ale, though the company also manufactures a number of other soft drinks and mixers. Although Canada Dry originated in Canada, it is now produced in many countries around the globe, including the United States, Mexico, Colombia, Peru, Japan, & a number of countries of the Middle East & Europe.

are corn chips and tortilla chips the same Corn chip -- While corn chips and tortilla chips are both made from corn, the corn in tortilla chips is subjected to the nixtamalization process, resulting in a milder flavor and aroma, and a less rigid texture. Tortilla chips also tend to be larger, thinner, and less salty than corn chips.

is american and australian sign language the same Auslan -- In more recent times Auslan has seen a significant amount of lexical borrowing from American Sign Language (ASL), especially in signs for technical terms. Some of these arose from the signed English educational philosophies of the 1970s and 80s, when a committee looking for signs with direct equivalence to English words found them in ASL and/or in invented English-based signed systems used in North America and introduced them in the classroom. ASL contains many signs initialised from an alphabet which was also derived from LSF, and Auslan users, already familiar with the related ISL alphabet, accepted many of the new signs easily.

do all teachers have to take the rica Reading Instruction Competence Assessment (RICA) -- The Reading Instruction Competence Assessment, or RICA, is a test required for two groups of California teaching credential candidates: those seeking a clear Multiple Subjects credential to teach elementary school and those seeking an Education Specialist credential, which is required to teach special education classes.

are honey bees the same as bumble bees Bumblebee -- Like their relatives the honeybees, bumblebees feed on nectar, using their long hairy tongues to lap up the liquid; the proboscis is folded under the head during flight. Bumblebees gather nectar to add to the stores in the nest, and pollen to feed their young. They forage using colour and spatial relationships to identify flowers to feed from. Some bumblebees steal nectar, making a hole near the base of a flower to access the nectar while avoiding pollen transfer. Bumblebees are important agricultural pollinators, so their decline in Europe, North America, and Asia is a cause for concern. The decline has been caused by habitat loss, the mechanisation of agriculture, and pesticides.

are liquor stores in oklahoma open on 4th of july Alcohol laws of Oklahoma -- It is illegal to sell packaged liquor (off-premises sales) on Sundays. Sales also are prohibited on Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Low-point beer for consumption off-premises may not be sold between 2:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m.

can pool water change color if you pee in it Urine-indicator dye -- Rumors of this chemical's existence go back at least as far as 1958, and the story is commonly told to children by parents who do not wish them to urinate in the pool. A 1985 biography of Orson Welles describes him using such a dye as part of a prank in 1937, and references to the substance can be found through popular culture over quite a lengthy time period. However, such a dye does not exist, and although a chemical could be manufactured that would react with urine, it would be difficult to prevent it from reacting to other organic substances present in pool water.

can an mlb game end in a tie Extra innings -- Ordinarily, a baseball game consists of nine innings (in softball and high school baseball games there are typically seven innings; in Little League, six), each of which is divided into halves: the visiting team bats first, after which the home team takes its turn at bat. However, if the score remains tied at the end of the regulation number of complete innings, the rules provide that ``play shall continue until (1) the visiting team has scored more total runs than the home team at the end of a completed inning; or (2) the home team scores the winning run in an uncompleted inning.''

is spain all in the same time zone Time in Spain -- Spain has two time zones and observes daylight saving time. Spain mainly uses Central European Time (GMT+01:00) and Central European Summer Time (GMT+02:00) in Peninsular Spain, the Balearic Islands, Ceuta, Melilla and plazas de soberanía. In the Canary Islands, the time zone is Western European Time (GMT±00:00) and Western European Summer Time (GMT+01:00). Daylight saving time is observed from the last Sunday in March (01:00 GMT) to the last Sunday in October (01:00 GMT) throughout Spain.

is there a national park in all 50 states List of national parks of the United States -- Twenty-eight states have national parks, as do the territories of American Samoa and the United States Virgin Islands. California has the most (nine), followed by Alaska (eight), Utah (five), and Colorado (four). The largest national park is Wrangell--St. Elias in Alaska: at over 8 million acres (32,375 km), it is larger than each of the nine smallest states. The next three largest parks are also in Alaska. The smallest park is Gateway Arch National Park, Missouri, at approximately 192.83 acres (0.7804 km). The total area protected by national parks is approximately 52.2 million acres (211,000 km), for an average of 870 thousand acres (3,500 km) but a median of only 229 thousand acres (930 km).

does the girl in don take the girl die Don't Take the Girl -- Verse three takes place five years after the second verse. At this point, Johnny and the girl are now (presumably) married and expecting their first child, and the girl is eventually rushed to the hospital to have her baby delivered. The baby (a boy) is safely delivered, but the doctor informs Johnny that his wife is ``fading fast'' (presumably dying of childbirth complications). Johnny then collapses to his knees and prays to God that his wife survives, even asking that his own life be taken instead of his wife's as long as she's okay. In the music video, it's revealed that Johnny's wife does indeed survive.

is new york life insurance a public company New York Life Insurance Company -- As of 2016, New York Life Insurance Company was the country's third-largest life insurance company. A mutual insurance company, New York Life is owned by its policyholders and has no outside shareholders. As a mutual, New York Life distributes a portion of its earnings to eligible policyholders as annual dividends. As of 2016, the company has paid a dividend every year since 1854. Through Seguros Monterrey New York Life, the company offers insurance in Mexico.

is the canadian dollar worth more than usd Canadian dollar -- Since the late 2000s, the Canadian dollar has been valued at levels comparable to the years before the swift rise in 2007. A dollar in the mid 70 cent US range has been the usual rate for much of the 2010s.

