is house tax and property tax are same Property tax -- Property tax or 'house tax' is a local tax on buildings, along with appurtenant land. It is and imposed on the Possessor (not the custodian of property as per 1978, 44th amendment of constitution). It resembles the US-type wealth tax and differs from the excise-type UK rate. The tax power is vested in the states and is delegated to local bodies, specifying the valuation method, rate band, and collection procedures. The tax base is the annual rental value (ARV) or area-based rating. Owner-occupied and other properties not producing rent are assessed on cost and then converted into ARV by applying a percentage of cost, usually four percent. Vacant land is generally exempt. Central government properties are exempt. Instead a 'service charge' is permissible under executive order. Properties of foreign missions also enjoy tax exemption without requiring reciprocity. The tax is usually accompanied by service taxes, e.g., water tax, drainage tax, conservancy (sanitation) tax, lighting tax, all using the same tax base. The rate structure is flat on rural (panchayat) properties, but in the urban (municipal) areas it is mildly progressive with about 80% of assessments falling in the first two brackets.

is the liver part of the excretory system Excretory system -- The liver detoxifies and breaks down chemicals, poisons and other toxins that enter the body. For example, the liver transforms ammonia (which is poisonous) into urea in fish, amphibians and mammals, and into uric acid in birds and reptiles. Urea is filtered by the kidney into urine or through the gills in fish and tadpoles. Uric acid is paste-like and expelled as a semi-solid waste (the ``white'' in bird excrements). The liver also produces bile, and the body uses bile to break down fats into usable fats and unusable waste.

does magnesium citrate have citric acid in it Magnesium citrate -- Magnesium citrate is a magnesium preparation in salt form with citric acid in a 1:1 ratio (1 magnesium atom per citrate molecule). The name ``magnesium citrate'' is ambiguous and sometimes may refer to other salts such as trimagnesium citrate which has a magnesium:citrate ratio of 3:2.

does a spark plug keep an engine running Spark plug -- A spark plug (sometimes, in British English, a sparking plug, and, colloquially, a plug) is a device for delivering electric current from an ignition system to the combustion chamber of a spark-ignition engine to ignite the compressed fuel/air mixture by an electric spark, while containing combustion pressure within the engine. A spark plug has a metal threaded shell, electrically isolated from a central electrode by a porcelain insulator. The central electrode, which may contain a resistor, is connected by a heavily insulated wire to the output terminal of an ignition coil or magneto. The spark plug's metal shell is screwed into the engine's cylinder head and thus electrically grounded. The central electrode protrudes through the porcelain insulator into the combustion chamber, forming one or more spark gaps between the inner end of the central electrode and usually one or more protuberances or structures attached to the inner end of the threaded shell and designated the side, earth, or ground electrode(s).

is a fire 7 the same as a kindle Kindle Fire -- The Fire Tablet, formerly called the Kindle Fire, is a tablet computer developed by Amazon.com. Built with Quanta Computer, the Kindle Fire was first released in November 2011, featuring a color 7-inch multi-touch display with IPS technology and running a custom version of Google's Android operating system called Fire OS. The Kindle Fire HD followed in September 2012, and the Kindle Fire HDX in September 2013. In September 2014, when the fourth generation was introduced, the name ``Kindle'' was dropped. In September 2015, the fifth generation Fire 7 was released, followed by the sixth generation Fire HD 8, in September 2016. The seventh generation Fire 7 was released in June 2017.

is there an interstate that goes coast to coast U.S. Route 20 -- U.S. Highway 20 (US 20) is an east--west United States highway that stretches from the Pacific Northwest all the way to New England. The ``0'' in its route number indicates that US 20 is a coast-to-coast route. Spanning 3,365 miles (5,415 km), it is the longest road in the United States, and particularly from Idaho to Massachusetts, the route roughly parallels that of Interstate 90 (I-90), which is in turn the longest Interstate Highway in the U.S. There is a discontinuity in the official designation of US 20 through Yellowstone National Park, with unnumbered roads used to traverse the park.

does only the winner get money on tipping point Tipping Point (game show) -- Tipping Point is a British television game show which began airing on ITV on 2 July 2012, and is presented by Ben Shephard. Four contestants answer general knowledge questions to win counters which they use on a large coin pusher arcade-style machine. Only the winner at the end has a chance to take home any money; the others leave with nothing except any non-cash prizes they may have won during the game.

is the other boleyn girl part of a series The Other Boleyn Girl -- The novel was followed by a sequel called The Queen's Fool, set during the reign of Henry's daughter, Queen Mary. The Queen's Fool was followed by The Virgin's Lover, set during the early days of Queen Elizabeth I's reign.

is mount everest a part of the himalayas Himalayas -- The Himalayan range has many of the Earth's highest peaks, including the highest, Mount Everest. The Himalayas include over fifty mountains exceeding 7,200 metres (23,600 ft) in elevation, including ten of the fourteen 8,000-metre peaks. By contrast, the highest peak outside Asia (Aconcagua, in the Andes) is 6,961 metres (22,838 ft) tall.

do all triangles have at least two acute angles Acute and obtuse triangles -- An acute triangle is a triangle with all three angles acute (less than 90°). An obtuse triangle is one with one obtuse angle (greater than 90°) and two acute angles. Since a triangle's angles must sum to 180°, no triangle can have more than one obtuse angle.

is baylor and mary hardin baylor the same school University of Mary Hardin–Baylor -- The University of Mary Hardin--Baylor (UMHB) is a Christian co-educational institution of higher learning located in Belton, Texas, United States. UMHB was chartered by the Republic of Texas in 1845 as Baylor Female College, the female department of what is now Baylor University. It has since become its own institution and grown to 3,914 students and awards degrees at the baccalaureate, master's, and doctoral levels. It is affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas.

is a tablespoon bigger than a dessert spoon Dessert spoon -- As a unit of culinary measure, a level dessertspoon (dstspn.) equals two teaspoons, or 10 milliliters, whereas a U.S. tablespoon is three teaspoons (15ml or half a fluid ounce) in the U.S., and two dessertspoons, i.e. four teaspoons (20ml or two thirds of a fluid ounce) in Britain and Australia, which is the old British standard. For dry ingredients, a rounded or heaped teaspoonful is often specified instead.

does the dorsal root ganglion carry sensory input Dorsal root ganglion -- A dorsal root ganglion (or spinal ganglion) (also known as a posterior root ganglion), is a cluster of neurons (a ganglion) in a dorsal root of a spinal nerve. The cell bodies of sensory neurons known as first-order neurons are located in the dorsal root ganglia.

is powdered milk the same as milk powder Powdered milk -- Powdered milk or dried milk is a manufactured dairy product made by evaporating milk to dryness. One purpose of drying milk is to preserve it; milk powder has a far longer shelf life than liquid milk and does not need to be refrigerated, due to its low moisture content. Another purpose is to reduce its bulk for economy of transportation. Powdered milk and dairy products include such items as dry whole milk, nonfat (skimmed) dry milk, dry buttermilk, dry whey products and dry dairy blends. Many dairy products exported conform to standards laid out in Codex Alimentarius. Many forms of milk powder are traded on exchanges.

can you sell a gun privately in florida Gun laws in Florida -- As state law on waiting periods and background checks do not apply to sales by non-licensed sellers, the Florida Constitution, Art VIII Sec. 5(b), permits counties to enact ordinances that require a criminal history records check and a 3 to 5-day waiting period for non-licensed sellers when any part of a firearm sale is conducted on property to which the public has the ``right of access'', such as at a gun show conducted on public property. These local option ordinances may not be applied to holders of a concealed weapons license. Only Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, Hillsborough, and Volusia counties had enacted such ordinances.

does latent heat of vaporization change with temperature Enthalpy of vaporization -- The heat of vaporization is temperature-dependent, though a constant heat of vaporization can be assumed for small temperature ranges and for reduced temperature T r (\displaystyle T_(r)) ≪ 1 (\displaystyle \ll 1) . The heat of vaporization diminishes with increasing temperature and it vanishes completely at a certain point called the critical temperature ( T r = 1 (\displaystyle T_(r)=1) ). Above the critical temperature, the liquid and vapor phases are indistinguishable, and the substance is called a supercritical fluid.

is hindi is our national language of india Languages with official status in India -- The Constitution of India designates the official language of the Government of India as Hindi written in the Devanagari script, as well as English. There is no national language as declared by the Constitution of India. Hindi is used for official purposes such as parliamentary proceedings, judiciary, communications between the Central Government and a State Government. States within India have the liberty and powers to specify their own official language(s) through legislation and therefore there are 22 officially recognized languages in India of which Hindi is the most used. The number of native Hindi speakers is about 25% of the total Indian population; however, including dialects of Hindi termed as Hindi languages, the total is around 44% of Indians, mostly accounted from the states falling under the Hindi belt. Other Indian languages are each spoken by around 10% or less of the population.

can a tree have more than one trunk Tree measurement -- Trees have a wide variety of sizes and shapes and growth habits. Specimens may grow as individual trunks, multitrunk masses, coppices, clonal colonies, or even more exotic tree complexes. Most champion tree programs focus finding and measuring the largest single-trunk example of each species. There are three basic parameters commonly measured to characterize the size of a single trunk tree: height, girth, and crown spread. Additional details on the methodology of Tree height measurement, Tree girth measurement, Tree crown measurement, and Tree volume measurement are presented in the links herein. A detailed guideline to these basic measurements is provided in The Tree Measuring Guidelines of the Eastern Native Tree Society by Will Blozan.

is night of the hunter a film noir The Night of the Hunter (film) -- The film was shot in black and white in the styles and motifs of German Expressionism (bizarre shadows, stylized dialogue, distorted perspectives, surrealistic sets, odd camera angles) to create a simplified and disturbing mood that reflects the sinister character of Powell, the nightmarish fears of the children, and the sweetness of their savior Rachel. Due to the film's visual style and themes, it is also often categorized as a film noir.

did they cancel whose line is it anyway Whose Line Is It Anyway? (U.S. TV series) -- Production of the American version was canceled by ABC in 2003 because of low ratings, with already-produced episodes airing first-run into 2004. The ABC Family cable channel, which had been airing repeats of the show since 2002, also showed ``new'' episodes from 2005 to 2006, formed from previously filmed but unaired performances.

is there going to be any more pirates of the caribbean films Pirates of the Caribbean (film series) -- Shortly before the release of On Stranger Tides, it was reported that Disney was planning to shoot the fifth and the sixth films back-to-back, although it was later revealed that only the fifth film was in development. On March 4, 2017, director Joachim Rønning stated that Dead Men Tell No Tales was only the beginning of the final adventure, implying that it would not be the last film of the franchise and that a sixth film could be released.

did they change laurie in that 70s show Lisa Robin Kelly -- Kelly played Laurie Forman, the older sister of Eric Forman, on That '70s Show. She abruptly left the show midway through the third season, and her character was written out of the show to ``attend beauty school''. She returned to the show in the fifth season for four episodes but was replaced with Christina Moore in the sixth season. In an interview with ABC News, she admitted that ``with That '70s Show I was guilty of a drinking problem, and I ran'', blaming her alcoholism on the loss of a baby.

is a pickle the same as a gherkin Pickled cucumber -- A pickled cucumber (commonly known as a pickle in the United States and Canada and a gherkin in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand) is a cucumber that has been pickled in a brine, vinegar, or other solution and left to ferment for a period of time, by either immersing the cucumbers in an acidic solution or through souring by lacto-fermentation. Pickled cucumbers are often part of mixed pickles.

do competitive inhibitors bind to the active site Competitive inhibition -- Most competitive inhibitors function by binding reversibly to the active site of the enzyme. As a result, many sources state that this is the defining feature of competitive inhibitors. This, however, is a misleading oversimplification, as there are many possible mechanisms by which an enzyme may bind either the inhibitor or the substrate but never both at the same time. For example, allosteric inhibitors may display competitive, non-competitive, or uncompetitive inhibition.

does each state have their own national guard National Guard of the United States -- The National Guard of the United States, part of the reserve components of the United States Armed Forces, is a reserve military force, composed of National Guard military members or units of each state and the territories of Guam, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia, for a total of 54 separate organizations. All members of the National Guard of the United States are also members of the militia of the United States as defined by 10 U.S.C. § 246. National Guard units are under the dual control of the state and the federal government.

is nfs carbon a sequel to most wanted Need for Speed: Carbon -- Need for Speed: Carbon is a 2006 racing video game published by Electronic Arts. It is the tenth installment in the Need for Speed series and a sequel to Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It was followed by Need for Speed: Prostreet in the following year...

do all ni numbers have a letter at the end National Insurance number -- The format of the number is two prefix letters, six digits, and one suffix letter. The example used is typically QQ123456C. Often, the number is printed with spaces to pair off the digits, like this: QQ 12 34 56 C.

does beau abbott die in a quiet place A Quiet Place (film) -- The Abbott family -- wife Evelyn, husband Lee, congenitally deaf daughter Regan, and sons Marcus and Beau -- silently scavenge for supplies in a deserted town. While out in the open, the family communicates with American Sign Language (ASL). Four-year-old Beau is drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle toy, but Lee takes it away due to the noise it makes. Regan returns the toy to Beau, who also takes the batteries that his father removed from it. Beau activates the toy when the family is walking home and crossing a bridge, giving away his location to a nearby creature which kills him before Lee can save him.

is there a bird faster than a cheetah Fastest animals -- The fastest land animal is the cheetah, which has a recorded speed of 109.4--120.7 km/h (68.0--75.0 mph). The peregrine falcon is the fastest bird and the fastest member of the animal kingdom with a diving speed of 389 km/h (242 mph). The fastest animal in the sea is the black marlin, which has a recorded speed of 129 km/h (80 mph).

is britain still a member of european union United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016 -- The United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, also known as the EU referendum and the Brexit referendum, took place on 23 June 2016 in the United Kingdom (UK) and Gibraltar to gauge support for the country either remaining a member of, or leaving, the European Union (EU) under the provisions of the European Union Referendum Act 2015 and also the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000. The referendum resulted in a simple majority of 51.9% (of people who voted) being in favour of leaving the EU. Although legally the referendum was non-binding, the government of that time had promised to implement the result, and it initiated the official EU withdrawal process on 29 March 2017, which put the UK on course to leave the EU by 30 March 2019, after a period of Brexit negotiations.

is blue cross blue shield a managed care organization Blue Cross Blue Shield Association -- Though historically ``Blue Cross'' was used for hospital coverage while ``Blue Shield'' was used for medical coverage, today that split only exists for traditional health insurance plans in Pennsylvania. Two independent companies operate in central Pennsylvania, Highmark Blue Shield (Pittsburgh) and Capital Blue Cross (Central Pennsylvania) . In southeastern Pennsylvania, Independence Blue Cross (Philadelphia) has a joint marketing agreement with Highmark Blue Shield (Pittsburgh) for their separate hospital and medical plans. However, Independence Blue Cross, like most of its sister Blue Cross-Blue Shield companies, cover most of their customers under managed care plans such as HMOs and PPOs which provide hospital and medical care in one policy.

is sheet metal gauge the same as wire gauge Wire gauge -- In commerce, the sizes of wire are estimated by devices, also called gauges, which consist of plates of circular or oblong form having notches of different widths around their edges to receive wire and sheet metals of different thicknesses. Each notch is stamped with a number, and the wire or sheet, which just fits a given notch, is stated to be of, say, No. 10, 11, 12, etc., of the wire gauge.

will there be a season 5 the 100 The 100 (TV series) -- In March 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season, which premiered on April 24, 2018. In May 2018, the series was renewed for a sixth season.

is grey's anatomy filmed at a real hospital Grey's Anatomy -- But, the hospital used for most other exterior and a few interior shots is not in Seattle; these scenes are shot at the VA Sepulveda Ambulatory Care Center in North Hills, California, and occasional shots from an interior walkway above the lobby show dry California mountains in the distance. The exterior of Meredith Grey's house, also known as the Intern House, is real. In the show, the address of Grey's home is 613 Harper Lane, but this is not an actual address. The physical house is located at 303 W. Comstock St., on Queen Anne Hill, Seattle, Washington. Most scenes are taped at Prospect Studios in Los Feliz, just east of Hollywood, where the Grey's Anatomy set occupies six sound stages. Some outside scenes are shot at the Warren G. Magnuson Park in Seattle. Several props used are working medical equipment, including the MRI machine.

is an ace 2 3 4 5 a straight List of poker hands -- A straight flush is a poker hand containing five cards of sequential rank, all of the same suit, such as Q♥ J♥ 10♥ 9♥ 8♥ (a ``queen-high straight flush''). It ranks below five of a kind and above four of a kind. As part of a straight flush, an ace can rank either above a king or below a two, depending on the rules of the game. Under high rules, an ace can rank either high (e.g. A♥ K♥ Q♥ J♥ 10♥ is an ace-high straight flush) or low (e.g. 5 4 3 2 A is a five-high straight flush), but cannot rank both high and low in the same hand (e.g. Q♣ K♣ A♣ 2♣ 3♣ is an ace-high flush, not a straight flush). Under deuce-to-seven low rules, aces can only rank high, so a hand such as 5♠ 4♠ 3♠ 2♠ A♠ is actually an ace-high flush. Under ace-to-six low rules, aces can only rank low, so a hand such as A♥ K♥ Q♥ J♥ 10♥ is actually a king-high flush. Under ace-to-five low rules, straight flushes are not recognized, and a hand that would be categorized as a straight flush is instead a high card hand.

does the sun orbit around the milky way Galactic year -- The galactic year, also known as a cosmic year, is the duration of time required for the Sun to orbit once around the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. Estimates of the length of one orbit range from 225 to 250 million terrestrial years. The Solar System is traveling at an average speed of 828,000 km/h (230 km/s) or 514,000 mph (143 mi/s) within its trajectory around the galactic center, a speed at which an object could circumnavigate the Earth's equator in 2 minutes and 54 seconds; that speed corresponds to approximately one 1300th of the speed of light.

is wrath of the titans a sequel to clash of the titans Wrath of the Titans -- Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 3D epic action adventure fantasy film that is a sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans. The film stars Sam Worthington, Rosamund Pike, Bill Nighy, Édgar Ramírez, Toby Kebbell, Danny Huston, Ralph Fiennes, and Liam Neeson, with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson. Wrath of the Titans takes place a decade after the events of the preceding film as the gods lose control over the imprisoned Titans (thanks to humanity's lack of prayers which also is draining their immortality) and Perseus is called, this time to rescue his father Zeus, overthrow the Titans, and save mankind.

can you build up an immunity to arsenic Mithridatism -- It is important to note that mithridatism is not effective against all types of poison (immunity generally is only possible with biologically complex types which the immune system can respond to) and, depending on the toxin, the practice can lead to the lethal accumulation of a poison in the body. Results depend on how each poison is processed by the body, ie, on how the toxic compound is metabolized or passed out of the body. In some cases, it is possible to build up tolerance against specific non-biological poisons. For some poisons, this involves conditioning the liver to produce more of the particular enzymes that deal with these poisons (for example alcohol). Another mechanism involves conditioning the target tissues of the poisons. These methods do not work for all non-biological poisons. Exposure to certain toxic substances, such as hydrofluoric acid and heavy metals, is either lethal or has little to no effect, and thus cannot be used in this way at all. Arsenic is a notable exception with some people actually having a genetic adaptation granting them higher resistance which can be replicated with mithridatism. In addition, simple toxins that work through chemical processes that bypass the immune system cannot be dealt with (good example would be the variants of cyanide).

are you required to complete the american community survey American Community Survey -- Those who decline to complete the survey may receive visits to their homes from Census Bureau personnel. Because it is a mandatory survey, it is governed by federal laws that could impose a fine of as much as $5,000 for refusing to participate.

did brendon urie wrote death of a bachelor Death of a Bachelor -- Death of a Bachelor is the fifth studio album by American rock band Panic! at the Disco, released January 15, 2016 on Fueled by Ramen and DCD2. It is the follow-up to the band's fourth studio album, Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! (2013), with the entire album written and recorded by vocalist/multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie, among external writers. It is the band's first album to not feature drummer Spencer Smith and also follows bassist Dallon Weekes' departure from the official line-up, subsequently becoming a touring member once again.

is petroleum an example of a fossil fuel Fossil fuel -- A fossil fuel is a fuel formed by natural processes, such as anaerobic decomposition of buried dead organisms, containing energy originating in ancient photosynthesis. The age of the organisms and their resulting fossil fuels is typically millions of years, and sometimes exceeds 650 million years. Fossil fuels contain high percentages of carbon and include petroleum, coal, and natural gas. Other commonly used derivatives include kerosene and propane. Fossil fuels range from volatile materials with low carbon to hydrogen ratios like methane, to liquids like petroleum, to nonvolatile materials composed of almost pure carbon, like anthracite coal. Methane can be found in hydrocarbon fields either alone, associated with oil, or in the form of methane clathrates.

is the cortex of the cerebellum gray matter Grey matter -- Grey matter is distributed at the surface of the cerebral hemispheres (cerebral cortex) and of the cerebellum (cerebellar cortex), as well as in the depths of the cerebrum (thalamus; hypothalamus; subthalamus, basal ganglia -- putamen, globus pallidus, nucleus accumbens; septal nuclei), cerebellar (deep cerebellar nuclei -- dentate nucleus, globose nucleus, emboliform nucleus, fastigial nucleus), brainstem (substantia nigra, red nucleus, olivary nuclei, cranial nerve nuclei).

are the mountains in utah part of the rockies Rocky Mountains -- Human population is not very dense in the Rocky Mountains, with an average of four people per square kilometer and few cities with over 50,000 people. However, the human population grew rapidly in the Rocky Mountain states between 1950 and 1990. The forty-year statewide increases in population range from 35% in Montana to about 150% in Utah and Colorado. The populations of several mountain towns and communities have doubled in the last forty years. Jackson, Wyoming, increased 260%, from 1,244 to 4,472 residents, in forty years.

is 1 ounce the same as 1 fluid ounce Fluid ounce -- The fluid ounce is distinct from the ounce as a unit of weight or mass, although it is sometimes referred to simply as an ``ounce'' where context makes the meaning clear, such as ounces in a bottle.

will there be a series 5 of brokenwood mysteries The Brokenwood Mysteries -- A fourth season was announced on 12 December 2016, and aired 29 October 2017. The series funding has been renewed for a fifth season too.

is new jersey a suburb of new york city New York metropolitan area -- The New York metropolitan area, also referred to as the Tri-State Area, is the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass, at 4,495 sq mi (11,640 km). The metropolitan area includes New York City (the most populous city in the United States), Long Island, and the Mid and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York; the five largest cities in New Jersey: Newark, Jersey City, Paterson, Elizabeth, and Edison, and their vicinities; six of the seven largest cities in Connecticut: Bridgeport, New Haven, Stamford, Waterbury, Norwalk, and Danbury, and their vicinities.

is asylum a right in the united states Asylum in the United States -- The United States recognizes the right of asylum for individuals as specified by international and federal law. A specified number of legally defined refugees who either apply for asylum from inside the U.S. or apply for refugee status from outside the U.S., are admitted annually. Refugees compose about one-tenth of the total annual immigration to the United States, though some large refugee populations are very prominent. Since World War II, more refugees have found homes in the U.S. than any other nation and more than two million refugees have arrived in the U.S. since 1980. In the years 2005 through 2007, the number of asylum seekers accepted into the U.S. was about 40,000 per year. This compared with about 30,000 per year in the UK and 25,000 in Canada. The U.S. accounted for about 10% of all asylum-seeker acceptances in the OECD countries in 1998-2007. The United States is by far the most populous OECD country and receives fewer than the average number of refugees per capita: In 2010-14 (before the massive migrant surge in Europe in 2015) it ranked 28 of 43 industrialized countries reviewed by UNHCR.

does lucas and peyton come back to one tree hill One Tree Hill (season 9) -- Haley seeks help from Lucas (guest star Chad Michael Murray) as Nathan makes an escape attempt. Lucas takes Jamie and Lydia out of town to stay with him and Peyton until Haley can find Nathan and bring him home. Brooke comes face-to-face with Xavier who is up for parole. Julian uncovers evidence that assists Dan in his search for Nathan. Clay makes a connection with another patient in rehab.

is 50 to 1 based on a true story 50 to 1 -- 50 to 1 is a 2014 American drama film based on the true story of Mine That Bird, an undersized thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2009 Kentucky Derby in one of the biggest upsets in the history of the race. The film received a limited release on March 21, 2014. It was directed by Jim Wilson, who also co-wrote the script with Faith Conroy, and stars Skeet Ulrich, Christian Kane and William Devane. Jockey Calvin Borel, who rode Mine that Bird to his upset Derby win, plays himself in the film.

did the brewers make it to the world series Milwaukee Brewers -- The team's only World Series appearance came in 1982. After winning the ALCS against the California Angels, the Brewers faced off against the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series, losing 4--3. In 2011, the Brewers defeated the Arizona Diamondbacks to win the NLDS 3--2, but lost in the NLCS to the eventual World Series champion Cardinals 4--2.

is a pickle and a gherkin the same thing Pickled cucumber -- A pickled cucumber (commonly known as a pickle in the United States and Canada and a gherkin in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand) is a cucumber that has been pickled in a brine, vinegar, or other solution and left to ferment for a period of time, by either immersing the cucumbers in an acidic solution or through souring by lacto-fermentation. Pickled cucumbers are often part of mixed pickles.

is there going to be another series of the apprentice The Apprentice (UK TV series) -- At present, the show has run for thirteen series, with the most recent revealing in late 2017 that a fourteenth series is being created to be aired at the end of 2018.

does it matter which dna strand is transcribed Coding strand -- Wherever a gene exists on a DNA molecule, one strand is the coding strand (or sense strand), and the other is the noncoding strand (also called the antisense strand, anticoding strand, template strand or transcribed strand).

is the width of your arms your height Arm span -- Arm span or reach (sometimes referred to as wingspan) is the physical measurement of the length from one end of an individual's arms (measured at the fingertips) to the other when raised parallel to the ground at shoulder height at a 90° angle. The average reach correlates to the person's height. Age and sex have to be taken into account to best predict height from arm span.

was turkey a part of the roman empire History of Turkey -- The Persian Achaemenid Empire fell to Alexander the Great in 334 BC, which led to increasing cultural homogeneity and Hellenization in the area. Following Alexander's death in 323 BC, Anatolia was subsequently divided into a number of small Hellenistic kingdoms, all of which became part of the Roman Republic by the mid-1st century BC. The process of Hellenization that began with Alexander's conquest accelerated under Roman rule, and by the early centuries AD the local Anatolian languages and cultures had become extinct, being largely replaced by ancient Greek language and culture.

is a certification of birth the same as a birth certificate Birth certificate -- The actual record of birth is stored with a government agency. That agency will issue certified copies or representations of the original birth record upon request, which can be used to apply for government benefits, such as passports. The certification is signed and/or sealed by the registrar or other custodian of birth records, who is commissioned by the government.

does dark brown sugar have molasses in it Brown sugar -- The Codex Alimentarius requires brown sugar to contain at least 88% of sucrose plus invert sugar. Commercial brown sugar contains from 3.5% molasses (light brown sugar) to 6.5% molasses (dark brown sugar) based on total volume. Based on total weight, regular commercial brown sugar contains up to 10% molasses. The product is naturally moist from the hygroscopic nature of the molasses and is often labelled as ``soft.'' The product may undergo processing to give a product that flows better for industrial handling. The addition of dyes or other chemicals may be permitted in some areas or for industrial products.

is love child based on a true story Love Child (TV series) -- The program was created by Sarah Lambert and was first broadcast on the Nine Network on 17 February 2014. The program is based on the real life forced adoption in Australia for which former Prime Minister Julia Gillard offered a national apology to those affected in 2013. Love Child was renewed for a second series on 2 March 2014. The series was renewed for a third series on 23 February 2015. The series was renewed for a fourth series on 8 November 2016 at Nine's upfronts.

does the florida constitution give a minimum age for legislators Florida Legislature -- Each legislator shall be at least twenty-one years of age, an elector and resident of the District from which elected and shall have resided in the state for a period of two years prior to election.

is far cry the movie based on the game Far Cry (film) -- Far Cry is a 2008 English-language German action film loosely adapted from the video game of the same name. The film is directed by Uwe Boll and stars Til Schweiger. It was a major box office bomb and, like Boll's other films, a critical disappointment.

can a hornet sting you more than once Hornet -- Hornets have stings used to kill prey and defend hives. Hornet stings are more painful to humans than typical wasp stings because hornet venom contains a large amount (5%) of acetylcholine. Individual hornets can sting repeatedly; unlike honey bees, hornets and wasps do not die after stinging because their stingers are not barbed and are not pulled out of their bodies.

do dairy cows have to be bred to produce milk Dairy cattle -- Dairy cattle (also called dairy cows) are cattle cows bred for the ability to produce large quantities of milk, from which dairy products are made. Dairy cows generally are of the species Bos taurus.

is there an in n out in nevada In-N-Out Burger -- In-N-Out Burger is an American regional chain of fast food restaurants with locations primarily in the American Southwest and Pacific coast. It was founded in Baldwin Park, California in 1948 by Harry Snyder and Esther Snyder. The chain is currently headquartered in Irvine, California and has slowly expanded outside Southern California into the rest of California, as well as into Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Texas, and Oregon. The current owner is Lynsi Snyder, the Snyders' only grandchild.

did houston used to be the capital of texas Capital of Texas -- During the period of the Republic of Texas (1836--1845) the capital of Texas moved from city to city. The Republic had an ad interim government from March 14 to September 1836, when the new nation's voters elected a government. In 1836, five sites served as temporary capitals of Texas (Washington-on-the-Brazos, Harrisburg, Galveston, Velasco and Columbia), before President Sam Houston moved the capital to Houston in 1837.

is college of william and mary an ivy league school Ivy League -- While the term was in use as early as 1933, it became official only after the formation of the NCAA Division I athletic conference in 1954. Seven of the eight schools were founded during the colonial period (Cornell was founded in 1865). Ivy League institutions account for seven of the nine Colonial Colleges chartered before the American Revolution; the other two are Rutgers University and the College of William & Mary.

can you push in a rugby league scrum Scrum (rugby) -- A key difference between the two sports is that in rugby union both sets of forwards try to push the opposition backwards whilst competing for the ball and thus the team that did not throw the ball into the scrum have some minimal chance of winning the possession. In practice, however, the team with the 'put-in' usually keeps possession (92% of the time with the feed) and put-ins are not straight. Forwards in rugby league do not usually push in the scrum, scrum-halves often feed the ball directly under the legs of their own front row rather than into the tunnel, and the team with the put-in usually retains possession (thereby making the 40/20 rule workable).

is boost mobile and virgin mobile the same Boost Mobile -- At the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show, Boost Mobile announced it would begin to offer a new unlimited plan using Sprint's CDMA network, costing $50 a month. For $10 more, Boost also offered an unlimited plan for the BlackBerry Curve 8830. Sprint would also acquire fellow prepaid wireless provider Virgin Mobile USA in 2010--both Boost and Virgin Mobile would be re-organized into a new group within Sprint, encompassing the two brands and other no-contract phone services offered by the company.

is copa airlines part of the star alliance Copa Airlines -- Compañía Panameña de Aviación, S.A., (NYSE: CPA) (commonly referred to and branded simply as ``Copa Airlines'') is the flag carrier of Panama. It is headquartered in Panama City, Panama, with its main hub at Tocumen International Airport. Copa is a subsidiary of Copa Holdings, S.A. as well as a member of the Star Alliance. The airline is also the main operator and owner of Colombian airline AeroRepública, currently known as Copa Airlines Colombia.

does the ivy league have a basketball tournament 2017 Ivy League Men's Basketball Tournament -- The 2017 Ivy League Men's Basketball Tournament was a postseason conference tournament for the Ivy League. The tournament was March 11 and 12, 2017 at the Palestra on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.

was arthur and george based on a true story George Edalji -- Julian Barnes's 2005 novel Arthur & George is based on the events, and was the basis for the March 2015 ITV three-part dramatisation of the case Arthur & George, starring Arsher Ali as Edalji.

will the us ever get high speed rail High-speed rail in the United States -- As of 2017, the California High-Speed Rail Authority is working on the California High Speed Rail project and construction is under way on sections traversing the Central Valley. Phase I will be completed in 2029, and Phase II will likely be completed before 2040.

is the state of texas bigger than germany Texas -- Texas is the second-largest U.S. state, after Alaska, with an area of 268,820 square miles (696,200 km). Though 10% larger than France and almost twice as large as Germany or Japan, it ranks only 27th worldwide amongst country subdivisions by size. If it were an independent country, Texas would be the 40th largest behind Chile and Zambia.

was the 13th amendment after the civil war Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution -- The Thirteenth Amendment (Amendment XIII) to the United States Constitution abolished slavery and involuntary servitude, except as punishment for a crime. In Congress, it was passed by the Senate on April 8, 1864, and by the House on January 31, 1865. The amendment was ratified by the required number of states on December 6, 1865. On December 18, 1865, Secretary of State William H. Seward proclaimed its adoption. It was the first of the three Reconstruction Amendments adopted following the American Civil War.

does the jeep commander have a third row Jeep Commander (XK) -- The production version of the Jeep Commander (XK and the diesel-powered XH export version) debuted at the 2005 New York Auto Show as a five- or seven-passenger counterpart to the third generation Jeep Grand Cherokee. It was developed to target consumers who wanted a three-rows-of-seats SUV, but designed to be only two inches longer than the existing Grand Cherokee with its two-rows of seats as well as to be assembled on the same production line.

can a us supreme court justice be impeached Supreme Court of the United States -- The Constitution provides that justices ``shall hold their offices during good behavior'' (unless appointed during a Senate recess). The term ``good behavior'' is understood to mean justices may serve for the remainder of their lives, unless they are impeached and convicted by Congress, resign, or retire. Only one justice has been impeached by the House of Representatives (Samuel Chase, March 1804), but he was acquitted in the Senate (March 1805). Moves to impeach sitting justices have occurred more recently (for example, William O. Douglas was the subject of hearings twice, in 1953 and again in 1970; and Abe Fortas resigned while hearings were being organized in 1969), but they did not reach a vote in the House. No mechanism exists for removing a justice who is permanently incapacitated by illness or injury, but unable (or unwilling) to resign.

are they gonna make a season 5 of the 100 The 100 (TV series) -- In March 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season, which premiered on April 24, 2018. In May 2018, the series was renewed for a sixth season.

is the kentucky derby always the first weekend in may Kentucky Derby -- The Kentucky Derby /ˈdɜːrbi/, is a horse race that is held annually in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, on the first Saturday in May, capping the two-week-long Kentucky Derby Festival. The race is a Grade I stakes race for three-year-old Thoroughbreds at a distance of one and a quarter miles (2 km) at Churchill Downs. Colts and geldings carry 126 pounds (57 kilograms) and fillies 121 pounds (55 kilograms).

is russell brand singing in get him to the greek Get Him to the Greek -- Kim Garner, the senior vice president of marketing and artist development at Universal Republic Records, said that Brand and Universal Pictures ``felt very strongly about doing something like this as opposed to a traditional soundtrack,'' and that they ``wanted to release it like we would an actual rock band's album.''

is chicago the third largest city in the united states Chicago -- Chicago (/ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ ( listen), locally also /-ˈkɔː-/), officially the City of Chicago, on Lake Michigan in Illinois, is one of the largest cities in the United States. At a 2017 census-estimated population of 2,716,450, it is the third most populous city in the United States, and the most populous city in both the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States. It is the county seat of Cook County. The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as ``Chicagoland'', has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the United States and fourth largest in North America. It is the birthplace of the skyscraper and considered the most influential architectural city of the 20th century. Chicago saw the creation of the first standardized futures contracts at the Chicago Board of Trade; today its successor has evolved into the largest and most diverse derivatives market in the world, generating 20% of all volume in commodities and financial futures.

is the movie iceman based on a true story The Iceman (film) -- The Iceman is an American biography crime thriller film based on the true story of longtime notorious hitman Richard Kuklinski. Released in 2012 at the Venice Film Festival, the film was directed by Ariel Vromen, and stars Michael Shannon as Kuklinski, Winona Ryder, Chris Evans, and Ray Liotta.

is june 12 a holiday in the philippines Independence Day (Philippines) -- Independence Day (Filipino: Araw ng Kasarinlan; also known as Araw ng Kalayaan, (or ``Day of Freedom'') is an annual national holiday in the Philippines observed on June 12, commemorating the independence of the Philippines from Spain.

can you get in trouble for stealing a street sign Street sign theft -- In most jurisdictions, the theft of traffic signage is treated like any other theft with respect to prosecution and sentencing. If, however, the theft leads to an injury, then the thieves may be found criminally liable for the injury as well, provided that an injury of that sort was a foreseeable consequence of such a theft. In one notable United States case, three people were found guilty of manslaughter for stealing a stop sign and thereby causing a deadly collision. This was publicized in the novel Driver's Ed by Caroline B. Cooney.

are any of the original members of lynyrd skynyrd alive List of Lynyrd Skynyrd members -- On October 20, 1977 -- three days after the release of the band's fifth studio album Street Survivors -- a chartered plane on which the members and crew were travelling crashed in Gillsburg, Mississippi. Six people died in the accident, including band members Ronnie Van Zant, Steve Gaines and Cassie Gaines; many of the other passengers onboard were seriously injured, including Wilkeson who was left in a critical condition and reportedly declared dead three times. The group disbanded after the crash. In 1978, a collection of previously unreleased recordings from 1971 and 1972 was released as Skynyrd's First and... Last. The following year, the surviving members (with the exception of Wilkeson) reunited at Volunteer Jam for a performance of ``Free Bird'' with Charlie Daniels and his band.

is sampling error the same as standard deviation Standard error -- The standard error (SE) of a statistic (usually an estimate of a parameter) is the standard deviation of its sampling distribution or an estimate of that standard deviation of estimate. If the parameter or the statistic is the mean, it is called the standard error of the mean (SEM).

do salted duck eggs need to be cooked Salted duck egg -- Salted duck eggs are normally boiled or steamed before being peeled and eaten as a condiment to congee or cooked with other foods as a flavoring. The egg white has a sharp, salty taste. The orange red yolk is rich, fatty, and less salty. The yolk is prized and is used in Chinese mooncakes to symbolize the moon.

does cerebral spinal fluid have glucose in it CSF glucose -- CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).

can a company be public but not listed Unlisted public company -- An unlisted public company is a public company that is not listed on any stock exchange. Though the criteria vary somewhat between jurisdictions, a public company is a company that is registered as such and generally has a minimum share capital and a minimum number of shareholders. Each stock exchange has its own listing requirements which a company (or other entity) wishing to be listed must meet. Besides not qualifying to be listed, a public company may choose not to be listed on a stock exchange for a number of reasons, including because it is too small to qualify for a stock exchange listing, does not seek public investors, or there are too few shareholders for a listing. There is a cost to the listed entities, in the listing process and ongoing costs as well as in compliance costs such as the maintenance of a company register.

is a cookie sheet the same as a sheet pan Sheet pan -- A sheet pan, baking tray or baking sheet is a flat, rectangular metal pan used in an oven. It is often used for baking bread rolls, pastries and flat products such as cookies, sheet cakes, swiss rolls and pizzas.

did spider man turn off the dark make money Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark -- Despite poor reviews and bad publicity, Spider-Man was at times successful at the box office. Ticket sales the day after the first preview on November 28, 2010, were more than one million dollars. During the first full week of 2011, Spider-Man had the highest box-office gross on Broadway, with a total of $1,588,514.

is actin and myosin present in smooth muscle Smooth muscle tissue -- A substantial portion of the volume of the cytoplasm of smooth muscle cells are taken up by the molecules myosin and actin, which together have the capability to contract, and, through a chain of tensile structures, make the entire smooth muscle tissue contract with them.

does ny ez pass work in other states E-ZPass -- E‐ZPass is an electronic toll collection system used on most tolled roads, bridges, and tunnels in the Midwestern and Northeastern United States, as far south as North Carolina and as far west as Illinois. The E-ZPass Interagency Group (IAG) consists of 38 member agencies in operation within 16 states, which use the same technology and allow travelers to use the same transponder on toll roads throughout the network. Since its creation in 1987, various independent systems that use the same technology have been folded into the E-ZPass system, including the I-Pass in Illinois and the NC Quick Pass in North Carolina. Negotiations are ongoing for nation-wide interoperatibility in the United States (see List of electronic toll collection systems § United States).

is the sociologist associated with the dramaturgical model of social interaction Dramaturgy (sociology) -- Dramaturgy is a sociological perspective commonly used in microsociological accounts of social interaction in everyday life. The term was first adapted into sociology from the theatre by Erving Goffman, who developed most of the related terminology and ideas in his 1959 book, The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life. Kenneth Burke, whom Goffman would later acknowledge as an influence, had earlier presented his notions of dramatism in 1945, which in turn derives from Shakespeare. However, the fundamental difference between Burke's and Goffman's view is that Burke believed that life was in fact theatre, whereas Goffman viewed theatre as a metaphor. If we imagine ourselves as directors observing what goes on in the theatre of everyday life, we are doing what Goffman called dramaturgical analysis, the study of social interaction in terms of theatrical performance.

does average velocity have a direction associated with it Velocity -- The velocity of an object is the rate of change of its position with respect to a frame of reference, and is a function of time. Velocity is equivalent to a specification of its speed and direction of motion (e.g. 7001600000000000000♠60 km/h to the north). Velocity is an important concept in kinematics, the branch of classical mechanics that describes the motion of bodies.

is the calvin cycle and dark reaction the same Light-independent reactions -- The light-independent reactions, or dark reactions, of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose. These reactions occur in the stroma, the fluid-filled area of a chloroplast outside the thylakoid membranes. These reactions take the products (ATP and NADPH) of light-dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them. There are three phases to the light-independent reactions, collectively called the Calvin cycle: carbon fixation, reduction reactions, and ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate (RuBP) regeneration.

does monetary neutrality mean that changes in the money supply can never affect real​ gdp Neutrality of money -- Neutrality of money is the idea that a change in the stock of money affects only nominal variables in the economy such as prices, wages, and exchange rates, with no effect on real variables, like employment, real GDP, and real consumption. Neutrality of money is an important idea in classical economics and is related to the classical dichotomy. It implies that the central bank does not affect the real economy (e.g., the number of jobs, the size of real GDP, the amount of real investment) by creating money. Instead, any increase in the supply of money would be offset by a proportional rise in prices and wages. This assumption underlies some mainstream macroeconomic models (e.g., real business cycle models). Others like monetarism view money as being neutral only in the long-run.

do bell and telus use the same towers Telus Mobility -- Bell Mobility, which shares towers and coverage with Telus, intends to expand LTE coverage to 98% of the Canadian population by the end of 2016. As a consequence, Telus' coverage will similarly expand. In April 2015, Telus announced that all of its wireless sites in British Columbia and Alberta will be upgraded to LTE. According to Telus, as of March 31, 2016, it had LTE coverage available 97% of the Canadian population and LTE Advance coverage available to 50% of the Canadian population.

do you have to break in new car engines Break-in (mechanical run-in) -- A new engine is broken in by following specific driving guidelines during the first few hours of its use. The focus of breaking in an engine is on the contact between the piston rings of the engine and the cylinder wall. There is no universal preparation or set of instructions for breaking in an engine. Most importantly, experts disagree on whether it is better to start engines on high or low power to break them in. While there are still consequences to an unsuccessful break-in, they are harder to quantify on modern engines than on older models. In general, people no longer break in the engines of their own vehicles after purchasing a car or motorcycle, because the process is done in production. It is still common, even today, to find that an owner's manual recommends gentle use at first (often specified as the first 500 or 1000 kilometres or miles). But it is usually only normal use without excessive demands that is specified, as opposed to light/limited use. For example, the manual will specify that the car be driven normally, but not in excess of the highway speed limit.

did the uk have a referendum to join the eu United Kingdom European Communities membership referendum, 1975 -- The United Kingdom European Communities membership referendum, also known as the Referendum on the European Community (Common Market), the Common Market referendum and EEC membership referendum took place on 5 June 1975 in the United Kingdom to gauge support for the country's continued membership of the European Communities (EC)--often known at the time as the ``European Community'' and the ``Common Market'' which it had entered on 1 January 1973 under the Conservative government of Edward Heath under the provisions of the Referendum Act 1975. Labour's manifesto for the October 1974 general election had promised that the people would decide ``through the ballot box'' whether to remain in the EC.

is english the most commonly spoken language in the world English-speaking world -- Estimates that include second language speakers vary greatly, from 470 million to more than 1 billion. David Crystal calculates that, as of 2003, non-native speakers outnumbered native speakers by a ratio of 3 to 1. When combining native and non-native speakers, English is the most widely spoken language worldwide.

did lagos used to be the capital of nigeria Lagos -- Lagos, the capital of Nigeria since its amalgamation in 1914, went on to become the capital of Lagos State after its creation. However, the state capital was later moved to Ikeja in 1976, and the federal capital moved to Abuja in 1991. Even though Lagos is still widely referred to as a city, the present day Lagos, also known as ``Metropolitan Lagos'', and officially as ``Lagos Metropolitan Area'' is an urban agglomeration or conurbation, consisting of 16 LGAs, including Ikeja, the state capital of Lagos State. This conurbation makes up 37% of Lagos State's total land area, but houses about 85% of the state's total population.

are the ryman and grand ole opry the same thing Grand Ole Opry -- In the 1930s, the show began hiring professionals and expanded to four hours. Broadcasting by then at 50,000 watts, WSM made the program a Saturday night musical tradition in nearly 30 states. In 1939, it debuted nationally on NBC Radio. The Opry moved to a permanent home, the Ryman Auditorium, in 1943. As it developed in importance, so did the city of Nashville, which became America's ``country music capital.'' The Grand Ole Opry holds such significance in Nashville that its name is included on the city/county line signs on all major roadways. The signs read ``Music City Metropolitan Nashville Davidson County Home of the Grand Ole Opry.''

are there in n outs outside of california In-N-Out Burger -- In-N-Out Burger is an American regional chain of fast food restaurants with locations primarily in the American Southwest and Pacific coast. It was founded in Baldwin Park, California in 1948 by Harry Snyder and Esther Snyder. The chain is currently headquartered in Irvine, California and has slowly expanded outside Southern California into the rest of California, as well as into Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Texas, and Oregon. The current owner is Lynsi Snyder, the Snyders' only grandchild.

is 500 days of summer based on a true story 500 Days of Summer -- The style of film is presented in a nonlinear narrative. Each scene is introduced using a title card showing which of the 500 days it is. Co-writer of the film Scott Neustadter admitted the film was based on a real romance. Neustadter explains that when he met the real girl who inspired the character Summer as a student at the London School of Economics in 2002, he was rebounding from a bad breakup back home, and promptly fell ``crazily, madly, hopelessly in love'' with the girl who ``returned his kisses but not his ardor.'' The ending of the relationship was ``painfully and unforgettably awful,'' which prompted him to co-write the film with Michael H. Weber. When Neustadter later showed the script to Summer's real life counterpart, she said she related more to the Tom character. Weber also stated that, ``we've all been in the trenches of love, we've all gone through the highs and lows, so Scott and I felt that the only way to tell this story was to come at it from a completely real place. It was pretty interesting for us because Scott was just going through a break-up and I was in a long-term relationship, so we each brought a totally opposite perspective, living it and not living it, and I think that tension helped to bring out more of the comedy''.

can an american get a coat of arms United States heraldry -- Heraldry in the United States was first established by European settlers who brought with them the heraldic customs of their respective countries of origin. As the use of coats of arms may be seen as a custom of royalty and nobility, it had been debated whether the use of arms is reconcilable with American republican traditions. Families from English, Scottish, Irish, Welsh, German, and other European nations with a heraldic tradition have retained their familial coat of arms in the United States. Several ``founding fathers'' also employed personal arms and a great number of Americans continue to do so.

is the pancreas part of the gastrointestinal system Gastrointestinal tract -- All bilaterians have a gastrointestinal tract, also called a gut or an alimentary canal. This is a tube that transfers food to the organs of digestion. In large bilaterians, the gastrointestinal tract generally also has an exit, the anus, by which the animal disposes of feces (solid wastes). Some small bilaterians have no anus and dispose of solid wastes by other means (for example, through the mouth). The human gastrointestinal tract consists of the esophagus, stomach, and intestines, and is divided into the upper and lower gastrointestinal tracts. The GI tract includes all structures between the mouth and the anus, forming a continuous passageway that includes the main organs of digestion, namely, the stomach, small intestine, and large intestine. However, the complete human digestive system is made up of the gastrointestinal tract plus the accessory organs of digestion (the tongue, salivary glands, pancreas, liver and gallbladder). The tract may also be divided into foregut, midgut, and hindgut, reflecting the embryological origin of each segment. The whole human GI tract is about nine metres (30 feet) long at autopsy. It is considerably shorter in the living body because the intestines, which are tubes of smooth muscle tissue, maintain constant muscle tone in a halfway-tense state but can relax in spots to allow for local distention and peristalsis.

is ford escape a 4 wheel drive vehicle Ford Escape -- At the time, larger sport utility vehicles tended to use pickup truck-based, body-on-frame designs. Other car makers, Jeep, Toyota and Honda had been offering smaller unibody designs, the Jeep Cherokee (XJ), RAV4 and CR-V respectively. Solid rear axles were commonly used on the full sized truck based SUVs and Jeep Cherokee due to their ability to carry heavy loads at the expense of a comfortable ride and good handling. Ford and Mazda decided to offer a car-like, unibody design with a fully independent suspension and rack and pinion steering similar to the RAV4 and CR-V, the Escape. Although not meant for serious off-roading, a full-time all-wheel-drive (AWD) system supplied by Dana was optional, which included a locking center differential activated by a switch on the dashboard. The AWD system normally sends most of the power from the engine to the front wheels. If slipping is detected at the front, more power will be sent to the rear wheels in a fraction of a second. The four wheel drive system was a newer version of Ford's ``Control Trac'' 4x4 system, dubbed the Control Trac II 4WD in the Escape. This system allowed the front wheels to receive 100% of the torque until a slip was detected. Using a Rotary Blade Coupling, the rear wheels could be sent up to 100% of the power in fractions of a second. When switching the system from ``Auto'' to ``On,'' the front and rear axles are locked at a 50/50 split; the reaction time necessary to engage the rear wheels is reduced via an integrated bypass clutch. The Control Trac II system allows for a four-wheel drive vehicle without the use of a center differential. The entire braking system was built by Continental Teves, including the ABS and various related suspension components. CKD production began in 2002 at Ford Lio Ho Motor Co. in Taiwan for various Asian markets.

is the mafia still active in new jersey DeCavalcante crime family -- The DeCavalcante crime family is an Italian-American organized crime family that operates in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and surrounding areas in the state and is part of the nationwide criminal phenomenon known as the American Mafia (or Cosa Nostra). It operates on the other side of the Hudson River from the Five Families of New York, but it maintains strong relations with many of them, as well as with the Philadelphia crime family and the Patriarca crime family of New England. Its illicit activities include bookmaking, building, cement, and construction violations, bootlegging, corruption, drug trafficking, extortion, fencing, fraud, hijacking, illegal gambling, loan-sharking, money laundering, murder, pier thefts, pornography, prostitution, racketeering, and waste management violations. The DeCavalcantes are, in part, the inspiration for the fictional DiMeo crime family of HBO's dramatic series The Sopranos. The DeCavalcante family was the subject of the CNBC program Mob Money, which aired on June 23, 2010, and The Real Sopranos TV documentary (first airdate April 26, 2006) directed by Thomas Viner for the UK production company Class Films.

do i need a visa for bhutan from uk Visa policy of Bhutan -- All foreigners (except for citizens of Bangladesh, India, and Maldives) must obtain a visa before visiting Bhutan. If approved, they are given a visa clearance letter, and must present it at the port of entry. The visa is then stamped into their passport. Foreign tourists must use a licensed Bhutanese tour operator or one of their international partners to pre-arrange their visa and book their holiday. A daily fee is also charged for every day of stay. For most foreign tourists, it amounts to $250 a day during tourist high season, and $200 a day for low season.

can lemon juice be used as citric acid Citric acid -- Citric acid can be added to ice cream as an emulsifying agent to keep fats from separating, to caramel to prevent sucrose crystallization, or in recipes in place of fresh lemon juice. Citric acid is used with sodium bicarbonate in a wide range of effervescent formulae, both for ingestion (e.g., powders and tablets) and for personal care (e.g., bath salts, bath bombs, and cleaning of grease). Citric acid sold in a dry powdered form is commonly sold in markets and groceries as ``sour salt'', due to its physical resemblance to table salt. It has use in culinary applications, as an alternative to vinegar or lemon juice, where a pure acid is needed.

can you buy a gun from a gun show without a background check Gun show loophole -- Federal law requires background checks for commercial gun sales, but an exemption exists for private-party sales whereby ``any person may sell a firearm to an unlicensed resident of the state where they reside, as long as they do not know or have reasonable cause to believe the person is prohibited from receiving or possessing firearms''. Under federal law, private-party sellers are not required to perform background checks on buyers, record the sale, or ask for identification, whether at a gun show or other venue. This is in contrast to sales by gun stores and other Federal Firearms License (FFL) holders, who are required to perform background checks and record all sales on almost all buyers, regardless of whether the venue is their business location or a gun show. Some states have passed laws to require background checks for private sales with limited exceptions. Access to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) is limited to FFL holders.

is enterprise value the same as firm value Enterprise value -- Enterprise value (EV), total enterprise value (TEV), or firm value (FV) is an economic measure reflecting the market value of a business. It is a sum of claims by all claimants: creditors (secured and unsecured) and shareholders (preferred and common). Enterprise value is one of the fundamental metrics used in business valuation, financial modeling, accounting, portfolio analysis, and risk analysis.

does april get married in grey's anatomy April Kepner -- In seasons 13 and 14, April faces a crisis of faith as she begins to believe that good people get punished and bad people get good things. As a result, she goes into a dark place and uses partying and sex to mask her deep-rooted pain. However, mid-Season 14, she encounters a terminal patient who helps April reaffirm her faith. April starts seeing Matthew again and their relationship is made public when the two are involved in a car accident, where April almost dies of hypothermia. In the season finale, April and Matthew get married.

has anyone hit 4 homeruns in a game List of Major League Baseball single-game home run leaders -- Writers of Sporting News described hitting four home runs in a single Major League Baseball (MLB) game as ``baseball's greatest single-game accomplishment''. Eighteen players have accomplished the feat to date, the most recent being J.D. Martinez on September 4, 2017 against the Los Angeles Dodgers. No player has done this more than once in his career and no player has ever hit more than four in a game. Bobby Lowe was the first to hit four home runs in a single game, doing so on May 30, 1894. Fans were reportedly so excited that they threw $160 in silver coins ($4,500 today) onto the field after his fourth home run.

is there a sugar tax in the us Sugary drink tax -- The United States does not have a nationwide soda tax, but a few of its cities have passed their own tax and the U.S. has seen a growing debate around taxing soda in various cities, states and even in Congress in recent years. A few states impose excise taxes on bottled soft drinks or on wholesalers, manufacturers, or distributors of soft drinks.

are the violin and the fiddle the same thing Fiddle -- A fiddle is a bowed string musical instrument, most often a violin. It is a colloquial term for the violin, used by players in all genres including classical music. Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music. The fiddle is part of many traditional (folk) styles of music which are aural traditions, taught 'by ear' rather than via written music.

did river phoenix play in stand by me Stand by Me (film) -- Stand by Me is a 1986 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, and Jerry O'Connell. The film, whose plot is based on Stephen King's novella The Body (1982) and title is derived from Ben E. King's eponymous song, which plays over the ending credits, tells the story of four boys in a small town in Maine who go on a hike to find the dead body of a missing child.

are kidneys on both sides of your body Kidney -- In humans, the kidneys are located high in the abdominal cavity, one on each side of the spine, and lie in a retroperitoneal position at a slightly oblique angle. The asymmetry within the abdominal cavity, caused by the position of the liver, typically results in the right kidney being slightly lower and smaller than the left, and being placed slightly more to the middle than the left kidney. The left kidney is approximately at the vertebral level T12 to L3, and the right is slightly lower. The right kidney sits just below the diaphragm and posterior to the liver. The left sits below the diaphragm and posterior to the spleen. On top of each kidney is an adrenal gland. The upper parts of the kidneys are partially protected by the 11th and 12th ribs. Each kidney, with its adrenal gland is surrounded by two layers of fat: the perirenal fat present between renal fascia and renal capsule and pararenal fat superior to the renal fascia.

does the internal resistance of a battery change Internal resistance -- A battery may be modeled as a voltage source in series with a resistance. In practice, the internal resistance of a battery is dependent on its size, chemical properties, age, temperature, and the discharge current. It has an electronic component due to the resistivity of the component materials and an ionic component due to electrochemical factors such as electrolyte conductivity, ion mobility, and electrode surface area. Measurement of the internal resistance of a battery is a guide to its condition, but may not apply at other than the test conditions. Measurement with an alternating current, typically at a frequency of 7003100000000000000♠1 kHz, may underestimate the resistance, as the frequency may be too high to take into account slower electrochemical processes. Internal resistance depends on temperature; for example, a fresh Energizer E91 AA alkaline primary battery drops from about 0.9 Ω at -40 °C, when the low temperature reduces ion mobility, to about 0.15 Ω at room temperature and about 0.1 Ω at 40 °C.

will there be a 6 pirates of the caribbean Pirates of the Caribbean (film series) -- In September 2017, producer Jerry Bruckheimer indicated that another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel is still possible if Dead Men Tell No Tales does well in its home release. In October 2017, Kaya Scodelario said that she was contracted to return for a sixth film. Shortly after, it was announced that Joachim Rønning is being eyed to direct the film.

will there be a pirates of the carribean 6 Pirates of the Caribbean (film series) -- In September 2017, producer Jerry Bruckheimer indicated that another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel is still possible if Dead Men Tell No Tales does well in its home release. In October 2017, Kaya Scodelario said that she was contracted to return for a sixth film. Shortly after, it was announced that Joachim Rønning is being eyed to direct the film.

is the movie the train a true story The Train (1964 film) -- The Train is a 1964 war film directed by John Frankenheimer from a story and screenplay by Franklin Coen and Frank Davis, inspired by the non-fiction book Le front de l'art by Rose Valland, who documented the works of art placed in storage that had been looted by the Germans from museums and private art collections. It stars Burt Lancaster, Paul Scofield and Jeanne Moreau.

is a bachelor degree considered an undergraduate degree Undergraduate degree -- An undergraduate degree (also called first degree, bachelor's degree or simply degree) is a colloquial term for an academic degree taken by a person who has completed undergraduate courses. It is usually offered at an institution of higher education, such as a university. The most common type of this degree is the bachelor's degree, which typically takes at least three or four years to complete. These degrees can be categorised as basic degrees.

does need for speed have a story mode Need for Speed (2015 video game) -- The first gameplay footage of the pre-alpha build for Need for Speed was revealed at EA's press conference at E3 on June 15, 2015. The E3 presentation shows a part of the story, followed by the customization of a Subaru BRZ which showed the new and improved customization system, and the 'action camera' which was later revealed to be one of the five different camera angles. There are five different gameplay types: Speed, Style, Crew, Build, and Outlaw where players can earn points for engaging in to progress in the game through five overlapping storylines. Need for Speed takes place in the fictional city of Ventura Bay and its surroundings which is based on Los Angeles.

does pokemon crystal work with pokemon stadium 2 Pokémon Stadium 2 -- Like its predecessor, Pokémon Stadium 2 is compatible with the Transfer Pak accessory, allowing players to use Pokémon trained in the three original Game Boy Pokémon games (Pokémon Red, Blue, and Yellow) and the three Game Boy Color games (Pokémon Gold, Silver, and Crystal). The majority of the game takes place inside the fictional White City, where various facilities for battling, organizing, researching, and playing with Pokémon are located. The Japanese edition also featured the capability to use the Pokémon Mobile System from Pokémon Crystal.

is tom cruise in the new mummy movie The Mummy (2017 film) -- The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp, Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman, with a story by Kurtzman, Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet. It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in Universal's planned Dark Universe franchise. The film stars Tom Cruise as a US soldier who accidentally unearths the ancient tomb of an entrapped Egyptian princess (Sofia Boutella). Annabelle Wallis, Jake Johnson, Courtney B. Vance and Russell Crowe also star.

is a penalty charge notice the same as a fixed penalty Fixed penalty notice -- This was the original use for FPNs, currently continuing in Great Britain under powers provided by the Road Traffic Act 1991 as well as in Northern Ireland; in many areas this style of enforcement has been taken over from police by local authorities. Some other motoring offences (other than parking) can also be dealt with by the issue of FPNs by police, VOSA or local authority personnel. FPNs issued by local authority parking attendants are backed with powers to obtain payment by civil action and are defined as ``penalty charge notices'', distinguishing them from other FPNs which are often backed with a power of criminal prosecution if the penalty is not paid; in the latter case the ``fixed penalty'' is sometimes designated as a ``mitigated penalty'' to indicate the avoidance of being prosecuted which it provides.

can a high level language use an assembler High Level Assembly -- The HLA v2.x assembler supports the same low-level machine instructions as a regular, low-level, assembler. The difference is that high-level assemblers, such as HLA, Microsoft Macro Assembler (MASM), or Turbo Assembler (TASM), on the Intel x86 processor family, also support high-level-language-like statements, such as IF, WHILE, and so on, and fancier data declaration directives, such as structures-records, unions, and even classes.

does leslie knope win the city council election Win, Lose, or Draw (Parks and Recreation) -- The final results are in and Bobby is declared the winner, but Ben correctly says that Bobby's small margin of victory is low enough to trigger an automatic recount. Leslie goes missing but Ron finds her in the city council chambers, where she laments letting her friends down after they worked so hard for her. Ron tells her that he and the parks department joined her campaign because they care about her and her dream, not the reward of winning. Hearing this, Leslie tells Ben he should accept the job. The recount eventually comes in and it is official: Leslie has won, to Leslie's overwhelmed jubilation and Jerry's (and Bobby's) relief. Ben accepts Jennifer's offer and she leaves without saying goodbye to Chris. Ron turns down the Assistant City Manager position, content with his life; Jean-Ralphio (Ben Schwartz) asks Chris for the job, but he is turned down immediately. Leslie thanks her friends and supporters with a heartfelt speech; she previously asked Ben about the concession speech that he wrote, but he reveals that he never wrote it. Later, a drunk Ann gets back together with Tom and even agrees to move in with him, fulfilling his dream.

is the mgm signature attached to the mgm grand The Signature at MGM Grand -- The Signature is connected to the main MGM Grand Casino via several moving walkways that traverse through two of the 3 towers (Tower 1 & 2). Tower 3 is accessible via a hallway between tower 2 and 3. Time to the main casino to the furthest tower (Tower 3) is about 8 minutes for the average walker.

is phoenix the same time zone as denver Mountain Time Zone -- The largest city in the Mountain Time Zone is Phoenix, Arizona. The Phoenix metropolitan area is the largest metropolitan area in the zone; the next largest metropolitan area that observes Mountain Time is Denver, closely followed by the El Paso--Juárez area. TV broadcasting in the Mountain Time Zone is typically tape-delayed one hour, so that shows match the broadcast times of the Central Time Zone (i.e. prime time begins at 7 pm MT following the same order of programming as the Central Time Zone).

is a roma tomato the same as a plum tomato Roma tomato -- Roma tomato or Roma is a plum tomato popularly used both for canning and producing tomato paste because of their slender and firm nature. Commonly found in supermarkets in some countries, Roma tomatoes are also known as Italian tomatoes or Italian plum tomatoes.

can ace be used as a 1 in poker List of poker hands -- Each hand falls into a hand-ranking category determined by the patterns formed by its cards. Hands in a higher-ranking category always rank higher than hands in a lower-ranking category. Hands in the same category are ranked relative to each other by comparing the ranks of their respective cards. Suits are not ranked in poker, so hands in the same category that differ by suit alone are of equal rank. Cards in poker are ranked, from highest to lowest: A, K, Q, J, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 and 2. However, aces have the lowest rank under high rules when forming part of a five-high straight or straight flush, or when playing ace-to-five low or ace-to-six low rules.

is there a season 2 of case histories Case Histories (TV series) -- Case Histories is a British crime drama television series based on the Jackson Brodie novel series by Kate Atkinson. It stars Jason Isaacs, who had also narrated the abridged audiobook adaptation, as protagonist Jackson Brodie. The series is both set and filmed in Edinburgh. The first series premiered on 5 June 2011, on BBC1 in the United Kingdom, and in October 2011 on PBS in the United States. A second series aired in 2013. Initially commissioned as two feature-length episodes, in September 2012, the BBC reported that the format of series two would be different, encompassing three stories, each self-contained, at a running time of ninety minutes per episode. The first episode was revealed to be an adaptation of Atkinson's novel Started Early, Took My Dog. Filming for the second series commenced in October 2012. The second and third episodes of the series are original stories, written exclusively for television.

is a rugby field bigger than a football field Comparison of American football and rugby union -- Although both codes are played on similar sized rectangular fields, the dimensions of rugby union fields can vary up to a maximum size that is larger than the fixed size of American football fields. Rugby union fields are limited to a maximum length of 144 metres (157 yd) long (100 metres (110 yd) between goal lines) and width of 70 metres (77 yd), while American football fields have a fixed length of 120 yards (110 m) (100 yards (91 m) between goal lines) and a width of 160 feet (49 m). The scoring end zone in American football has a fixed depth of 10 yards (9.1 m) whilst in Rugby Union the goal area must be between a minimum depth of 10 metres (11 yd) and a maximum of 22 metres (24 yd) between the goal line and the dead ball line at the rear of the field.

can you seek asylum from your home country Right of asylum -- The right of asylum (sometimes called right of political asylum, from the Ancient Greek word ἄσυλον) is an ancient juridical concept, under which a person persecuted by his own country may be protected by another sovereign authority, such as another country or church official, who in medieval times could offer sanctuary. This right was already recognized by the Egyptians, the Greeks, and the Hebrews, from whom it was adopted into Western tradition. René Descartes fled to the Netherlands, Voltaire to England, and Thomas Hobbes to France, because each state offered protection to persecuted foreigners.

is west texas a&m part of texas a&m West Texas A&M University -- West Texas A&M University, also known as WTAMU, WT, and formerly West Texas State, part of the Texas A&M University System, is a public university located in Canyon, Texas, a city of 13,303 approximately 13 miles south of Amarillo, a city of 190,695. The university is part of the Amarillo metropolitan area with a population of 268,893. West Texas A&M University was established on September 20, 1910, and was originally known as West Texas State Normal College. The university started out as one of the seven state-funded teacher colleges in Texas.

did they change the sister in that 70s show Lisa Robin Kelly -- Kelly played Laurie Forman, the older sister of Eric Forman, on That '70s Show. She abruptly left the show midway through the third season, and her character was written out of the show to ``attend beauty school''. She returned to the show in the fifth season for four episodes but was replaced with Christina Moore in the sixth season. In an interview with ABC News, she admitted that ``with That '70s Show I was guilty of a drinking problem, and I ran'', blaming her alcoholism on the loss of a baby.

was chariots of fire based on a true story Chariots of Fire -- Chariots of Fire is a 1981 British historical drama film. It tells the fact-based story of two athletes in the 1924 Olympics: Eric Liddell, a devout Scottish Christian who runs for the glory of God, and Harold Abrahams, an English Jew who runs to overcome prejudice.

are maid of honour and chief bridesmaid the same Bridesmaid -- The principal bridesmaid, if one is so designated, may be called the chief bridesmaid or maid of honor if she is unmarried, or the matron of honor if she is married. A junior bridesmaid is a girl who is clearly too young to be married, but who is included as an honorary bridesmaid. In the United States, typically only the maid/matron of honor and the best man are the official witnesses for the wedding license.

is ellis island connected to the statue of liberty Ellis Island -- Since the September 11 attacks in 2001, the island is guarded by patrols of the United States Park Police Marine Patrol Unit. Public access is by ferry from either Communipaw Terminal in Liberty State Park or from the Battery at the southern tip of Manhattan. The ferry operator, Hornblower Cruises and Events, also provides service to the nearby Statue of Liberty. A bridge built for transporting materials and personnel during restoration projects connects Ellis Island with Liberty State Park but is not open to the public. The city of New York and the private ferry operator at the time opposed proposals to use it or replace it with a pedestrian bridge.

can a standard deviation be greater than 1 Standard deviation -- For the male fulmars, a similar calculation gives a sample standard deviation of 894.37, approximately twice as large as the standard deviation for the females. The graph shows the metabolic rate data, the means (red dots), and the standard deviations (red lines) for females and males.

is a bmw 1 series rear wheel drive BMW 1 Series -- The 1 Series is BMW's entry level of model range. Unusually for a small car, the 1 Series range is mostly rear-wheel drive, (except for the F52 sedan, which is front-wheel drive) with optional all-wheel drive being available on some models.

is for a few dollars more a sequel Dollars Trilogy -- The Dollars Trilogy (Italian: Trilogia del dollaro), also known as the Man with No Name Trilogy, is a film series consisting of three Spaghetti Western films directed by Sergio Leone. The films are titled A Fistful of Dollars (1964), For a Few Dollars More (1965) and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966). They were distributed by United Artists.

do foreign dignitaries stay at the white house President's Guest House -- The President's Guest House is one of several residences owned by the United States government for use by the President and Vice President of the United States; other such residences include the White House, Camp David, One Observatory Circle, the Presidential Townhouse, and Trowbridge House. The President's Guest House has been called ``the world's most exclusive hotel'' because it is primarily used to host visiting dignitaries and other guests of the president. It is larger than the White House and closed to the public.

can glucogenic amino acids be used to make glucose Glucogenic amino acid -- A glucogenic amino acid is an amino acid that can be converted into glucose through gluconeogenesis. This is in contrast to the ketogenic amino acids, which are converted into ketone bodies.

does a flask count as an open container Hip flask -- Carrying a hip flask filled with alcohol in a public place is illegal in many locations in the United States due to open container laws. These laws prohibit possession of an unsealed container of alcohol in public or within the passenger compartment of a vehicle.

are the lofoten islands in the arctic circle Lofoten -- Lofoten (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈluːfuːtn̩)) is an archipelago and a traditional district in the county of Nordland, Norway. Lofoten is known for a distinctive scenery with dramatic mountains and peaks, open sea and sheltered bays, beaches and untouched lands. Though lying within the Arctic Circle, the archipelago experiences one of the world's largest elevated temperature anomalies relative to its high latitude.

can you get a misdemeanor expunged in texas Expungement in Texas -- Texas expungement law allows expungement of arrests which did not lead to a finding of guilt, and class C misdemeanors if the defendant received deferred adjudication, and completed a community supervision. If the defendant was found guilty, pleaded guilty, or pleaded no contest to any offense other than a class ``C'' misdemeanor, it is not eligible for expungement; however, it may be eligible for non-disclosure if deferred adjudication was granted.

is there a new pirates of the caribbean movie coming Pirates of the Caribbean (film series) -- In September 2017, producer Jerry Bruckheimer indicated that another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel is still possible if Dead Men Tell No Tales does well in its home release. In October 2017, Kaya Scodelario said that she was contracted to return for a sixth film. Shortly after, it was announced that Joachim Rønning is being eyed to direct the film.

is pva glue and elmer's glue the same thing Polyvinyl acetate -- Poly(vinyl acetate) (PVA, PVAc, poly(ethenyl ethanoate): best known as wood glue, white glue, carpenter's glue, school glue, Elmer's glue in the US, or PVA glue) is an aliphatic rubbery synthetic polymer with the formula (CHO). It belongs to the polyvinyl esters family, with the general formula -(RCOOCHCH)-. It is a type of thermoplastic. There is considerable confusion between the glue as purchased, an aqueous emulsion of mostly vinyl acetate monomer, and the subsequent dried and polymerized PVAc that is the true thermoplastic polymer.

is ace 2 3 4 5 a straight List of poker hands -- A straight flush is a poker hand containing five cards of sequential rank, all of the same suit, such as Q♥ J♥ 10♥ 9♥ 8♥ (a ``queen-high straight flush''). It ranks below five of a kind and above four of a kind. As part of a straight flush, an ace can rank either above a king or below a two, depending on the rules of the game. Under high rules, an ace can rank either high (e.g. A♥ K♥ Q♥ J♥ 10♥ is an ace-high straight flush) or low (e.g. 5 4 3 2 A is a five-high straight flush), but cannot rank both high and low in the same hand (e.g. Q♣ K♣ A♣ 2♣ 3♣ is an ace-high flush, not a straight flush). Under deuce-to-seven low rules, aces can only rank high, so a hand such as 5♠ 4♠ 3♠ 2♠ A♠ is actually an ace-high flush. Under ace-to-six low rules, aces can only rank low, so a hand such as A♥ K♥ Q♥ J♥ 10♥ is actually a king-high flush. Under ace-to-five low rules, straight flushes are not recognized, and a hand that would be categorized as a straight flush is instead a high card hand.

is san juan puerto rico in the caribbean San Juan, Puerto Rico -- San Juan, as a settlement of the Spanish Empire, was used by merchant and military ships traveling from Spain as the first stopover in the Americas. Because of its prominence in the Caribbean, a network of fortifications was built to protect the transports of gold and silver from the New World to Europe. Because of the rich cargoes, San Juan became a target of the foreign powers of the time.

can you carry a gun in your car in ohio Gun laws in Ohio -- Non-licensees and all users of long guns have much stricter rules for carrying firearms in their vehicles. Ohio statute O.R.C. 2923.16 allows for three ways for those not licensed to carry a concealed handgun to transport firearms in a motor vehicle. The firearm(s) must be unloaded and carried in one of the following ways:

does a fennec fox live in the desert Fennec fox -- The fennec fox or fennec (Vulpes zerda) is a small nocturnal fox found in the Sahara of North Africa, the Sinai Peninsula, South West Israel (Arava desert) and the Arabian desert. Its most distinctive feature is its unusually large ears, which also serve to dissipate heat. Its name comes from the Berber word (fanak), which means fox, and the species name zerda comes from the Greek word xeros which means dry, referring to the fox's habitat. The fennec is the smallest species of canid. Its coat, ears, and kidney functions have adapted to high-temperature, low-water, desert environments. Also, its hearing is sensitive enough to hear prey moving underground. It mainly eats insects, small mammals, and birds.

is 4x4 the same as 4 wheel drive Four-wheel drive -- Four-wheel drive, also called 4×4 (``four by four'') or 4WD, refers to a two-axled vehicle drivetrain capable of providing torque to all of its wheels simultaneously. It may be full-time or on-demand, and is typically linked via a transfer case providing an additional output drive-shaft and, in many instances, additional gear ranges.

is an associates degree considered a college degree Associate degree -- An associate degree (or associate's degree) is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study intended to usually last two years or more. It is considered to be a greater level of education than a high school diploma or GED. The first associate degrees were awarded in the UK (where they are no longer awarded) in 1873 before spreading to the US in 1898. They have since been introduced in a small number of other countries.

can an image be formed without a screen Virtual image -- In optics, a virtual image is an image formed when the outgoing rays from a point on an object always diverge. The image appears to be located at the point of apparent divergence. Because the rays never really converge, a virtual image cannot be projected onto a screen. In diagrams of optical systems, virtual rays are conventionally represented by dotted lines. Virtual images are located by tracing the real rays that emerge from an optical device (lens, mirror, or some combination) backward to a perceived point of origin.

can a judge be removed from the bench United States federal judge -- ``Article III federal judges'' (as opposed to judges of some courts with special jurisdictions) serve ``during good behavior'' (often paraphrased as appointed ``for life''). Judges hold their seats until they resign, die, or are removed from office. Although the legal orthodoxy is that judges cannot be removed from office except by impeachment by the House of Representatives followed by conviction by the Senate, several legal scholars, including William Rehnquist, Saikrishna Prakash, and Steven D. Smith, have argued that the Good Behaviour Clause may, in theory, permit removal by way of a writ of scire facias filed before a federal court, without resort to impeachment.

did they do a remake of the shining The Shining (film) -- Wendy Torrance in the film is relatively meek, submissive, passive, gentle, and mousy; this is shown by the way she defends Jack even in his absence to the doctor examining Danny. It is implied she has perhaps been abused by him as well. In the novel, she is a far more self-reliant and independent personality who is tied to Jack in part by her poor relationship with her parents. In the novel, she never displays hysteria or collapses the way she does in the film, but remains cool and self-reliant. Writing in Hollywood's Stephen King, author Tony Magistrale writes about the mini-series remake:

is the tv show the 100 still on The 100 (TV series) -- In March 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season, which premiered on April 24, 2018. In May 2018, the series was renewed for a sixth season.

does wally west have powers in the flash Wally West -- Wally West is a fictional superhero that appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the third Flash and the first Kid Flash. His power consists mainly of superhuman speed. He made his first appearance as the Kid Flash in the Flash #110 in 1959. Barry Allen dies in the crossover Crisis on Infinite Earths #8 (Nov. 1985), and Wally took up the mantle of the Flash in Crisis on Infinite Earths #12 (Mar. 1986), holding that role until 2009 in DC's main lineup. His physical appearance is generally a redhead with green eyes, and is generally portrayed with a lighthearted, comic, and caring personality. Wally has an important role as the Flash in DC Rebirth (2016).

are muscle fibers and muscle cells the same Muscle -- Skeletal muscles are sheathed by a tough layer of connective tissue called the epimysium. The epimysium anchors muscle tissue to tendons at each end, where the epimysium becomes thicker and collagenous. It also protects muscles from friction against other muscles and bones. Within the epimysium are multiple bundles called fascicles, each of which contains 10 to 100 or more muscle fibers collectively sheathed by a perimysium. Besides surrounding each fascicle, the perimysium is a pathway for nerves and the flow of blood within the muscle. The threadlike muscle fibers are the individual muscle cells (myocytes), and each cell is encased within its own endomysium of collagen fibers. Thus, the overall muscle consists of fibers (cells) that are bundled into fascicles, which are themselves grouped together to form muscles. At each level of bundling, a collagenous membrane surrounds the bundle, and these membranes support muscle function both by resisting passive stretching of the tissue and by distributing forces applied to the muscle. Scattered throughout the muscles are muscle spindles that provide sensory feedback information to the central nervous system. (This grouping structure is analogous to the organization of nerves which uses epineurium, perineurium, and endoneurium).

is a flash drive and memory stick the same USB flash drive -- A USB flash drive, also variously known as a thumb drive, pen drive, gig stick, flash stick, jump drive, disk key, disk on key (after the original M-Systems DiskOnKey drive from 2000), flash-drive, memory stick (not to be confused with the Sony Memory Stick), USB stick or USB memory, is a data storage device that includes flash memory with an integrated USB interface. It is typically removable, rewritable and much smaller than an optical disc. Most weigh less than 30 g (1 ounce). Since first appearing on the market in late 2000, as with virtually all other computer memory devices, storage capacities have risen while prices have dropped. As of March 2016, flash drives with anywhere from 8 to 256 GB are frequently sold; less frequent are 512 GB and 1 TB units. Storage capacities as large as 2 TB are planned, with steady improvements in size and price per capacity expected. Some allow up to 100,000 write/erase cycles, depending on the exact type of memory chip used, and are thought to last between 10 and 100 years under normal circumstances (shelf storage time).

can you be offside on a corner kick Offside (association football) -- There is no offside offence if a player receives the ball directly from a goal kick, a corner kick, a throw-in, or a dropped-ball. It is also not an offence if the ball was last deliberately played by an opponent (except for a deliberate save). In this context, according to the IFAB, ``A 'save' is when a player stops, or attempts to stop, a ball which is going into or very close to the goal with any part of the body except the hands/arms (unless the goalkeeper within the penalty area).''

is heat index the same as real feel Heat index -- The heat index (HI) or humiture is an index that combines air temperature and relative humidity, in shaded areas, to posit a human-perceived equivalent temperature, as how hot it would feel if the humidity were some other value in the shade. The result is also known as the ``felt air temperature'', ``apparent temperature'', ``real feel'' or ``feels like''. For example, when the temperature is 32 °C (90 °F) with 70% relative humidity, the heat index is 41 °C (106 °F). This heat index temperature has an implied (unstated) humidity of 20%. This is the value of relative humidity for which the heat index number equals the actual air temperature.

is the english channel in the atlantic ocean English Channel -- The English Channel (French: la Manche, ``The Sleeve''; German: Ärmelkanal, ``Sleeve Channel''; Breton: Mor Breizh, ``Sea of Brittany''; Cornish: Mor Bretannek, ``Sea of Brittany''; Dutch: Het Kanaal, ``The Channel''), also called simply the Channel, is the body of water that separates southern England from northern France and links the southern part of the North Sea to the Atlantic Ocean. It is the busiest shipping area in the world.

is there sales tax on crv in california California Redemption Value -- One way the difference between CRV and a system in which the consumer pays a deposit or tax shows up is that sales tax applies to the CRV amount, if the item is subject to sales tax. If it were not part of the basic price of the product, sales tax would not apply to it. Accordingly, when the State of California raised the CRV from $.04 on 2 L bottles / $.02 cans to $.08 and $.04, respectively, then again to $.10 and $.05, respectively, it was also raising California's sales tax revenue gained on the imposed fee.

is the summer soltice the longest day of the year Summer solstice -- The summer solstice (or estival solstice), also known as midsummer, occurs when one of the Earth's poles has its maximum tilt toward the Sun. It happens twice yearly, once in each hemisphere (Northern and Southern). For that hemisphere, the summer solstice is when the Sun reaches its highest position in the sky and is the day with the longest period of daylight. At the pole, there is continuous daylight around the summer solstice. On the summer solstice, Earth's maximum axial tilt toward the Sun is 23.44°. Likewise, the Sun's declination from the celestial equator is 23.44°.

is there such thing as unsweetened condensed milk Condensed milk -- A related product is evaporated milk, which has undergone a more complex process and which is not sweetened. Evaporated milk is known in some countries as unsweetened condensed milk.

is the movie 8 below a true story Eight Below -- The 1958 ill-fated Japanese expedition to Antarctica inspired the 1983 hit film Antarctica, of which Eight Below is a remake. Eight Below adapts the events of the 1958 incident, moved forward to 1993. In the 1958 event, fifteen Sakhalin Husky sled dogs were abandoned when the expedition team was unable to return to the base. When the team returned a year later, two dogs were still alive. Another seven were still chained up and dead, five were unaccounted for, and one died just outside Showa Station.

do you need to be on us soil to claim asylum Asylum in the United States -- The United States recognizes the right of asylum for individuals as specified by international and federal law. A specified number of legally defined refugees who either apply for asylum from inside the U.S. or apply for refugee status from outside the U.S., are admitted annually. Refugees compose about one-tenth of the total annual immigration to the United States, though some large refugee populations are very prominent. Since World War II, more refugees have found homes in the U.S. than any other nation and more than two million refugees have arrived in the U.S. since 1980. In the years 2005 through 2007, the number of asylum seekers accepted into the U.S. was about 40,000 per year. This compared with about 30,000 per year in the UK and 25,000 in Canada. The U.S. accounted for about 10% of all asylum-seeker acceptances in the OECD countries in 1998-2007. The United States is by far the most populous OECD country and receives fewer than the average number of refugees per capita: In 2010-14 (before the massive migrant surge in Europe in 2015) it ranked 28 of 43 industrialized countries reviewed by UNHCR.

can you be arrested for the same crime twice Double jeopardy -- Conversely, double jeopardy comes with a key exception. Under the dual sovereignty doctrine, multiple sovereigns can indict a defendant for the same crime. The federal and state governments can have overlapping criminal laws, so a criminal offender may be convicted in individual states and federal courts for exactly the same crime or for different crimes arising out of the same facts. However, in 2016, the Supreme Court held that Puerto Rico is not a separate sovereign for purposes of the Double Jeopardy Clause. The dual sovereignty doctrine has been the subject of substantial scholarly criticism.

is joint tenancy the same as joint tenancy with right of survivorship Concurrent estate -- A concurrent estate or co-tenancy is a concept in property law which describes the various ways in which property is owned by more than one person at a time. If more than one person owns the same property, they are commonly referred to as co-owners. Legal terminology for co-owners of real estate is either co-tenants or joint tenants, with the latter phrase signifying a right of survivorship. Most common law jurisdictions recognize tenancies in common and joint tenancies, and some also recognize tenancies by the entirety, which is a joint tenancy between married persons. Many jurisdictions refer to a joint tenancy as a joint tenancy with right of survivorship, but they are the same, as every joint tenancy includes a right of survivorship. In contrast, a tenancy in common does not include a right of survivorship.

did they have reflex sights in world war 2 Reflector sight -- Since their invention in 1900, reflector sights have come to be used as gun sights on all kinds of weapons. They were used on fighter aircraft, in a limited capacity in World War I, widely used in World War II, and still used as the base component in many types of modern head-up displays. They have been used in other types of (usually large) weapons as well, such as anti-aircraft gun sights, anti tank gun sights, and any other role where the operator had to engage fast moving targets over a wide field of view, and the sight itself could be supplied with sufficient electrical power to function. There was some limited use of the sight on small arms after World War II but it came into widespread use after the late 1970s with the invention of the red dot sight, with a red light-emitting diode (LED) as its reticle, making a dependable sight with durability and extremely long illumination run time.

was there a book that predicted the titanic The Wreck of the Titan: Or, Futility -- The Wreck of the Titan: Or, Futility (originally called Futility) is an 1898 novella written by Morgan Robertson. The story features the fictional ocean liner Titan, which sinks in the North Atlantic after striking an iceberg.Titan and its sinking have been noted to be very similar to the real-life passenger ship RMS Titanic, which sank fourteen years later. Following the sinking of the Titanic, the novel was reissued with some changes, particularly in the ship's gross tonnage.

is there a chip in the apple lightning cable Lightning (connector) -- Official Lightning connectors contain an authentication chip that was intended to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to produce compatible accessories without being approved by Apple; however, the chip has been cracked.

does the us constitution protect the right to privacy Right to privacy -- Although the Constitution does not explicitly include the right to privacy, the Supreme Court has found that the Constitution implicitly grants a right to privacy against governmental intrusion from the First Amendment, Third Amendment, Fourth Amendment, and the Fifth Amendment. This right to privacy has been the justification for decisions involving a wide range of civil liberties cases, including Pierce v. Society of Sisters, which invalidated a successful 1922 Oregon initiative requiring compulsory public education, Griswold v. Connecticut, where a right to privacy was first established explicitly, Roe v. Wade, which struck down a Texas abortion law and thus restricted state powers to enforce laws against abortion, and Lawrence v. Texas, which struck down a Texas sodomy law and thus eliminated state powers to enforce laws against sodomy.

is fromage frais and quark the same thing Quark (dairy product) -- In several languages quark is also known as ``white cheese'' (French: fromage blanc, southern German: Weißkäse or weißer Käs, Hebrew: גבינה לבנה‎, translit. gevina levana, Lithuanian: baltas sūris, Polish: biały ser, Serbian: beli sir), as opposed to any rennet-set ``yellow cheese''. Another French name for it is fromage frais (fresh cheese), where the difference to fromage blanc is defined by French legislation: a product named fromage frais must contain live cultures when sold, whereas with fromage blanc fermentation has been halted. In Swiss French, it is usually called séré.

will there be a new total drama series Total Drama -- The Total Drama series is the original series of the greater Total Drama franchise, which consists of five seasons that have aired during a timeframe of seven years: the first season, Total Drama Island, the second season, Total Drama Action, the third season, Total Drama World Tour, the fourth season, Total Drama: Revenge of the Island, and the fifth season, titled as both Total Drama All-Stars and Total Drama: Pahkitew Island. The latest installment premiered on July 7, 2014, in the United States and September 4, 2014, in Canada. A spin-off series based on the main series, The Ridonculous Race, was produced shortly after the fifth season was aired. A spin-off/prequel series, titled Total DramaRama is currently in production which is scheduled to be released in September 2018 on Cartoon Network in the U.S. and in October 2018 on Teletoon in Canada...

is married at first sight still on tv Married at First Sight (U.S. TV series) -- Married at First Sight is an American reality television series based on a Danish series of the same name titled Gift Ved Første Blik. The series first aired in the United States on FYI. Beginning with season two, it aired in simulcast on sister network A&E. The series features three couples, paired up by relationship experts, who agree to marry when they first meet. For the first three seasons, the experts were clinical psychologist Dr. Joseph Cilona, sexologist Dr. Logan Levkoff, sociologist Dr. Pepper Schwartz, and humanist chaplain Greg Epstein. Starting with the fourth season, the experts are Schwartz, pastor and marriage counselor Calvin Roberson, and communication and relationship expert Rachel DeAlto. The couples spend their wedding night in a hotel before leaving for a honeymoon. Upon returning home, they live together as a married couple for eight weeks. Thereafter they choose to divorce or stay married. On October 25, 2016 FYI renewed the show for a fifth season. In 2017, for the fifth season, the show moved to the Lifetime channel.

is there a season 5 in the 100 The 100 (TV series) -- In March 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season, which premiered on April 24, 2018. In May 2018, the series was renewed for a sixth season.

is in the time of the butterflies a true story In the Time of the Butterflies -- In the Time of the Butterflies is a historical novel by Julia Alvarez, relating an account of the Mirabal sisters during the time of the Trujillo dictatorship in the Dominican Republic. The book is written in the first and third person, by and about the Mirabal sisters. First published in 1994, the story was adapted into a feature film in 2001.

is it illegal to take a stop sign Street sign theft -- In most jurisdictions, the theft of traffic signage is treated like any other theft with respect to prosecution and sentencing. If, however, the theft leads to an injury, then the thieves may be found criminally liable for the injury as well, provided that an injury of that sort was a foreseeable consequence of such a theft. In one notable United States case, three people were found guilty of manslaughter for stealing a stop sign and thereby causing a deadly collision. This was publicized in the novel Driver's Ed by Caroline B. Cooney.

is an undergraduate degree the same as a bachelor's degree Undergraduate degree -- An undergraduate degree (also called first degree, bachelor's degree or simply degree) is a colloquial term for an academic degree taken by a person who has completed undergraduate courses. It is usually offered at an institution of higher education, such as a university. The most common type of this degree is the bachelor's degree, which typically takes at least three or four years to complete. These degrees can be categorised as basic degrees.

can the texas flag fly at the same height as the us flag Flag of Texas -- It is a common urban legend that the Texas flag is the only state flag that is allowed to fly at the same height as the U.S. flag. Allegedly, Texas has this right inherently (as a former independent nation) or because it negotiated special provisions when it joined the Union (this version has been stated as fact on a PBS website). However, the legend is false. Neither the Joint Resolution for Annexing Texas to the United States nor the Ordinance of Annexation contain any provisions regarding flags. According to the United States Flag Code, any state flag can be flown at the same height as the U.S. flag, but the U.S. flag should be on its right (the viewer's left). Consistent with the U.S. Flag Code, the Texas Flag Code specifies that the state flag should either be flown below the U.S. flag if on the same pole or at the same height as the U.S. flag if on separate poles.

do tom and hannah get together in made of honor Made of Honor -- Hannah and Tom eventually get married. Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms with Tom's dad, to which he says ``Number 6?'' and his lawyer says ``7''. Hannah and Tom go on their honeymoon. Tom turns on the light just to see if he has got the right girl and Hannah replies ``You do''. The two kiss and as Hannah turns off the light, Tom says ``Oh, Monica'' and Hannah replies ``Oh, Bill.''

is there a gopher in winnie the pooh Gopher (Winnie-the-Pooh) -- Gopher is a fictional grey anthropomorphic gopher character who first appeared in the 1966 Disney animated film Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree, introducing himself as Samuel J. Gopher. He has a habit of whistling out his sibilant consonants, one of various traits he has in common with the beaver in Lady and the Tramp, by whom he may have been inspired. While he never made appearances in any episodes of Welcome to Pooh Corner, Gopher was fleshed out a bit further in the television series The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. He is portrayed as generally hard-working, especially in his tunnels (which he inevitably falls into at least once). He does not appear in the original books Winnie the Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner by A.A. Milne until 1966 (a fact that is regularly pointed out in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree, when he breaks the fourth wall by saying he's ``not in the book, y'know'', also trying to say that he would not be in a phone book). Gopher's voice was originally done by Howard Morris, who retired from the role and was replaced by Michael Gough.

has the leaning tower of pisa always been leaning Leaning Tower of Pisa -- The tower's tilt began during construction in the 12th century, caused by an inadequate foundation on ground too soft on one side to properly support the structure's weight. The tilt increased in the decades before the structure was completed in the 14th century. It gradually increased until the structure was stabilized (and the tilt partially corrected) by efforts in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.

are there tornadoes anywhere else in the world Tornado climatology -- Tornadoes have been recorded on all continents except Antarctica and are most common in the middle latitudes where conditions are often favorable for convective storm development. The United States has the most tornadoes of any country, as well as the strongest and most violent tornadoes. A large portion of these tornadoes form in an area of the central United States popularly known as Tornado Alley. Other areas of the world that have frequent tornadoes include significant portions of Europe, South Africa, Philippines, Bangladesh, parts of Argentina, Uruguay, and southern and southeast Brazil, northern Mexico, New Zealand, and far eastern Asia.

do all colors of fruit loops taste the same Froot Loops -- Froot Loops is a brand of sweetened, fruit-flavored breakfast cereal produced by Kellogg's and sold in many countries. The cereal pieces are ring-shaped (hence ``loops'') and come in a variety of bright colors and a blend of fruit flavors (hence ``froot'', a cacography of fruit). However, there is no actual fruit in Froot Loops and they are all the same flavor. Kellogg's introduced Froot Loops in 1963. Originally, there were only red, orange, and yellow loops, but green, purple, and blue were added during the 1990s. Different methods of production are used in the UK where, due to the lack of natural colourings for yellow, red and blue Froot Loops are purple, green and orange, and the loops are also larger in size. Although the marketing side of Kellogg's sold the idea that each individual loop color was a different flavor, Kellogg's has acknowledged that all share the same fruit-blend flavor.

does gaston die in the original beauty and the beast Gaston (Beauty and the Beast) -- In addition to eliminating Belle's sisters, screenwriter and creator Linda Woolverton introduced Gaston as a ``blockheaded suitor'' for the heroine, basing the character on boyfriends she had dated in the past. Several darker elements originally conceived for the film were ultimately written out of the final version, among them the idea of Gaston himself first visiting the insane asylum in which he plans on imprisoning Belle's father Maurice. After Woolverton re-wrote Belle into a more liberated Disney heroine, the animators struggled to realize the screenwriter's vision and briefly depicted the character shoving Gaston into a closet after he proposes to her, an idea Woolverton strongly contested and fought to have written out of the film in favor of Belle rejecting her suitor's proposal in a less ``bitchy'' way. During Gaston and the Beast's climatic battle, the character was originally intended to yell ``Time to die!'' to his opponent, but the writers ultimately replaced this line with ``Belle is mine!'' in order to return some of the scene's focus to the heroine of the story, over whom the two men are fighting. Additionally, Gaston's death was originally intended to have resulted from him being eaten alive by wolves after surviving his fall from the Beast's castle, suffering only a broken leg; this idea was ultimately discarded and eventually resurrected for Scar's death in The Lion King (1994). The writers also briefly deliberated having Gaston kill himself once he realizes that Belle will never love him, but this idea was also quickly discarded. Small skulls were drawn in Gaston's eyes as he descends from the Beast's castle to confirm that he does, in fact, die from his fall.

is delhi university and university of delhi same University of Delhi -- The University of Delhi, informally known as Delhi University (DU), is a collegiate public central university, located in New Delhi, India. It was founded in 1922 by an Act of the Central Legislative Assembly. As a collegiate university, its main functions are divided between the academic departments of the university and affiliated colleges. Consisting of three colleges, two faculties, and 750 students at its founding, the University of Delhi has since become India's largest institution of higher learning and among the largest in the world. The university currently consists of 16 faculties and 86 departments distributed across its North and South campuses. It has 77 affiliated colleges and 5 other institutes with an enrollment of over 132,000 regular students and 261,000 non-formal students. The Vice-President of India serves as the University's chancellor. Rajat Chaudhary has now become the President of the University of Delhi after Rocky Tuseer was dismissed on the High Court's order.

is blue bell ice cream still in business Blue Bell Creameries -- Blue Bell Creameries is an American food company that manufactures ice cream. It was founded in 1907 in Brenham, Texas. For much of its early history, the company manufactured both ice cream and butter locally. In the mid-20th century, it abandoned butter production and expanded to the entire state of Texas and soon much of the Southern United States. The company's corporate headquarters are located at the ``Little Creamery'' in Brenham, Texas. Since 1919, it has been in the hands of the Kruse family. Despite being sold in a limited number of states, as of 2015 Blue Bell is the fourth highest-selling ice cream brand in the United States as a whole.

does maple syrup come out of the tree sweet Maple syrup -- Three species of maple trees are predominantly used to produce maple syrup: the sugar maple (Acer saccharum), the black maple (A. nigrum), and the red maple (A. rubrum), because of the high sugar content (roughly two to five percent) in the sap of these species. The black maple is included as a subspecies or variety in a more broadly viewed concept of A. saccharum, the sugar maple, by some botanists. Of these, the red maple has a shorter season because it buds earlier than sugar and black maples, which alters the flavour of the sap.

does pure vanilla extract have alcohol in it Vanilla extract -- Vanilla extract is a solution made by macerating and percolating vanilla pods in a solution of ethanol and water. It is considered an essential ingredient in many Western desserts, especially baked goods like cakes, cookies, brownies, and cupcakes, as well as custards, ice creams, and puddings. Although its primary flavor compound is vanillin, pure vanilla extract contains several hundred additional flavor compounds, which are responsible for its complex, deep flavor. By contrast, artificial vanilla flavor is solely made up of artificially-derived vanillin, which is frequently made from a by-product of the wood pulp industry. In the United States, in order for a vanilla extract to be called pure, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requires that the solution contains a minimum of 35% alcohol and 100 g of vanilla beans per litre (13.35 ounces per gallon). Double and triple strength (up to 20-fold) vanilla extracts are also available, although these are primarily used for manufacturing and foodservice purposes where the amount of liquid in a recipe needs to be carefully monitored.

does the first amendment separate church and state Separation of church and state in the United States -- ``Separation of church and state'' is paraphrased from Thomas Jefferson and used by others in expressing an understanding of the intent and function of the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States which reads: ``Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof...''

can a horse and a donkey have a baby Mule -- A mule is the offspring of a male donkey (jack) and a female horse (mare). Horses and donkeys are different species, with different numbers of chromosomes. Of the two F1 hybrids (first generation hybrids) between these two species, a mule is easier to obtain than a hinny, which is the offspring of a female donkey (jenny) and a male horse (stallion).

is back to the future a science fiction movie Back to the Future -- Back to the Future is a 1985 American science fiction film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale. It stars Michael J. Fox as teenager Marty McFly, who accidentally travels back in time to 1955, where he meets his future parents and becomes his mother's romantic interest. Christopher Lloyd portrays the eccentric scientist Dr. Emmett ``Doc'' Brown, inventor of the time-traveling DeLorean, who helps Marty repair history and return to 1985.

is there a trophy for the triple crown Triple Crown Trophy -- The Triple Crown Trophy is a silver trophy awarded to the winner of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing. The Triple Crown trophy has come to represent the pinnacle achievement in horseracing. Commissioned in 1950 by the Thoroughbred Racing Association, artisans at the world-famous Cartier Jewelry Company were charged with creating not just a trophy, but a true work of art. The result was a three-sided vase, each face equally representing the three jewels of the crown, intending to capture the spirit of horseracing's most sought after, and rarest, honor. The three sides are engraved with specific information from each of the three races; the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes. Upon completion of the first trophy it was awarded to the 1948 Triple Crown Winner Citation. Each year thereafter, retroactive trophies were presented to the first eight winners of the Triple Crown in reverse order until all of the previous winners or their heirs were awarded.

is there a movie after meet the fockers Meet the Parents (film series) -- Meet the Parents is a film series following the character Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) as he interacts with his family and in-laws. The series is made up of three movies: Meet the Parents (2000), Meet the Fockers (2004), and Little Fockers (2010). The series primarily stars Stiller, Robert De Niro, Blythe Danner, Dustin Hoffman, Barbra Streisand, Owen Wilson, and Teri Polo. The three movies earned over $1.15 billion at the box office.

is princeton theological seminary part of princeton university Princeton Theological Seminary -- Princeton Theological Seminary (PTS) is a private, nonprofit, and independent graduate school of theology in Princeton, New Jersey. Founded in 1812 under the auspices of Archibald Alexander, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, and the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University), it is the second-oldest seminary in the United States. It is also the largest of ten seminaries associated with the Presbyterian Church (USA).

is a 10 year old still a child Child -- Legally, the term ``child'' may refer to anyone below the age of majority or some other age limit. The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child defines child as ``a human being below the age of 18 years unless under the law applicable to the child, majority is attained earlier''. This is ratified by 192 of 194 member countries. The term ``child'' may also refer to someone below another legally defined age limit unconnected to the age of majority. In Singapore, for example, a ``child'' is legally defined as someone under the age of 14 under the ``Children and Young Persons Act'' whereas the age of majority is 21. In U.S. Immigration Law, a child refers to anyone who is under the age of 21.

is psalm 119 the longest chapter of the bible Psalm 119 -- Psalm 119 (Greek numbering: Psalm 118) is the longest psalm as well as the longest chapter in the Bible. It is referred to in Hebrew by its opening words, ``Ashrei temimei derech'' (``happy are those whose way is perfect''). It is the prayer of one who delights in and lives by the Torah, the sacred law. With 176 verses, it is the longest chapter of the entire bible. Unlike most other psalms the author did not include his name in the text.

do european countries still have their own currency Eurozone -- The eurozone ( pronunciation (help info)), officially called the euro area, is a monetary union of 19 of the 28 European Union (EU) member states which have adopted the euro (€) as their common currency and sole legal tender. The monetary authority of the eurozone is the Eurosystem. The other nine members of the European Union continue to use their own national currencies, although most of them are obliged to adopt the euro in the future.

do the courts have the power to overrule the laws written by the legislative branch of government Supremacy Clause -- In Marbury v. Madison, 5 U.S. 137 (1803), the Supreme Court held that Congress cannot pass laws that are contrary to the Constitution, and it is the role of the Judicial system to interpret what the Constitution permits. Citing the Supremacy Clause, the Court found Section 13 of the Judiciary Act of 1789 to be unconstitutional to the extent it purported to enlarge the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court beyond that permitted by the Constitution.

have any horses died at the kentucky derby Eight Belles -- Eight Belles (February 23, 2005 -- May 3, 2008) was a Thoroughbred racehorse owned by Rick Porter's Fox Hill Farms. She finished second to winner Big Brown in the 134th running of the Kentucky Derby held at Churchill Downs, a race run by only thirty-nine fillies in the past. Her collapse just after the Derby's conclusion resulted in immediate euthanasia.

is the marines a part of the navy United States Marine Corps -- The United States Marine Corps (USMC), also referred to as the United States Marines, is a branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for conducting amphibious operations with the United States Navy. The U.S. Marine Corps is one of the four armed service branches in the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and one of the seven uniformed services of the United States.

will there be another chucky movie after cult of chucky Child's Play (franchise) -- In October 2017, Don Mancini stated that he intends in having Glen and Glenda from Seed of Chucky return in a future film, and acknowledged that most references to that character had been cut from Cult of Chucky. In February 2018, it was announced that a Child's Play television series will be a continuation of the film's story arc. Mancini also stated that following the TV show, feature films will continue to be developed in the future.

is it legal to put a motor on a bicycle Motorized bicycle -- In the United States, federal law exempts low-speed electric bicycles from Dept. of Transportation and NHTSA motor vehicle regulations, and they are regulated under federal law in the same manner as ordinary bicycles. The Consumer Product Safety Act defines the term low speed electric bicycle as a two- or three-wheeled vehicle with fully operable pedals and an electric motor of less than 750 watts (1 horsepower), whose maximum speed on a paved level surface, when powered solely by such a motor while ridden by an operator who weighs 170 pounds, is less than 20 mph (15 U.S.C. 2085(b)). At the present time, neither the DOT nor the NHTSA restrict the assembly of e-bikes for use on public roads, although commercially manufactured e-bikes capable of speeds greater than 20 mph are considered motor vehicles and thus subject to DOT and NHTSA safety requirements. Consequently, the laws of the individual state and/or local jurisdiction govern the type, motor wattage, and speed capability of e-bikes used on public roadways (see Electric bicycle laws). As long as the bicycle is capable of pedal propulsion, most U.S. states currently do not distinguish between designs that may be self-propelled by the electric motor versus pedal assist designs in which the electric motor assists pedal propulsion by the rider.

is there a book after the girl in the spider's web Millennium (novel series) -- Publisher Norstedts förlag has commissioned Swedish author and crime journalist David Lagercrantz to continue the Millennium series featuring Larsson's characters. Lagercrantz's first novel in the series, The Girl in the Spider's Web, was published in 2015. Another installment, The Girl Who Takes an Eye for an Eye, followed in 2017.

are mazda tribute and ford escape the same Ford Escape -- The Ford Escape is a compact crossover vehicle sold by Ford since 2000 over three generations. Ford released the original model in 2000 for the 2001 model year--a model jointly developed and released with Mazda of Japan--who took a lead in the engineering of the two models and sold their version as the Mazda Tribute. Although the Escape and Tribute share the same underpinnings constructed from the Ford CD2 platform (based on Mazda GF underpinnings), the only panels common to the two vehicles are the roof and floor pressings. Powertrains were supplied by Mazda with respect to the base inline-four engine, with Ford providing the optional V6. At first, the twinned models were assembled by Ford in the US for North American consumption, with Mazda in Japan supplying cars for other markets. This followed a long history of Mazda-derived Fords, starting with the Ford Courier in the 1970s. Ford also sold the first generation Escape in Europe and China as the Ford Maverick, replacing the previous Nissan-sourced model. Then in 2004, for the 2005 model year, Ford's luxury Mercury division released a rebadged version called the Mercury Mariner, sold mainly in North America. The first iteration Escape remains notable as the first SUV to offer a hybrid drivetrain option, released in 2004 for the 2005 model year to North American markets only.

is a car serial number the same as a vin Vehicle identification number -- A vehicle identification number (VIN) is a unique code, including a serial number, used by the automotive industry to identify individual motor vehicles, towed vehicles, motorcycles, scooters and mopeds, as defined in ISO 3779:2009.

is jason in the first friday the 13th Jason Voorhees -- Jason Voorhees is the main character from the Friday the 13th series. He first appeared in Friday the 13th (1980) as the young son of camp cook-turned-killer Mrs. Voorhees, in which he was portrayed by Ari Lehman. Created by Victor Miller, with contributions by Ron Kurz, Sean S. Cunningham and Tom Savini, Jason was not originally intended to carry the series as the main antagonist. The character has subsequently been represented in various other media, including novels, video games, comic books, and a crossover film with another iconic horror film character, Freddy Krueger.

does bluebell sell other products besides ice cream Blue Bell Creameries -- Blue Bell produces over 250 different frozen products. Of these, 66 are flavors of ice cream. Twenty of the flavors are offered year-round, while an additional two to three dozen are offered seasonally. In addition to ice cream, the company produces frozen yogurt, sherbet, and an array of frozen treats on a stick. Unlike competitors which have reduced their standard containers to 48-56 fluid ounces (1.42-1.66 L), Blue Bell continues to sell true half-gallon (64 fl oz/1.89 L) containers, a fact it mentions prominently in its advertising.

is the bladder part of the excretory system Excretory system -- The kidneys are bean-shaped organs which are present on each side of the vertebral column in the abdominal cavity. Humans have two kidneys and each kidney is supplied with blood from the renal artery. The kidneys remove from the blood the nitrogenous wastes such as urea, as well as salts and excess water, and excrete them in the form of urine. This is done with the help of millions of nephrons present in the kidney. The filtrated blood is carried away from the kidneys by the renal vein (or kidney vein). The urine from the kidney is collected by the ureter (or excretory tubes), one from each kidney, and is passed to the urinary bladder. The urinary bladder collects and stores the urine until urination. The urine collected in the bladder is passed into the external environment from the body through an opening called the urethra.

is a chicken and rooster the same thing Rooster -- A rooster, also known as a gamecock, cockerel or cock, is an adult male gallinaceous bird, usually a male chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus).

is there no sales tax in new hampshire Sales taxes in the United States -- Since January 2017, 5 states (Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon) do not levy a statewide sales tax, while California has the highest state sales tax with a base rate of 7.25%. (The territory of Puerto Rico has a higher 10.5% value added tax since April 2016). In some states such as California, counties and cities impose additional sales taxes, and total sales taxes can be over 11%.

does the table of contents get a page number Table of contents -- Matter preceding the table of contents is generally not listed there. However, all pages except the outside cover are counted, and the table of contents is often numbered with a lowercase Roman numeral page number. Many popular word processors, such as Microsoft Word, WordPerfect, and StarWriter are capable of automatically generating a table of contents if the author of the text uses specific styles for chapter titles, headings, subheadings, etc.

is a caffe latte the same as a latte Latte -- The term as used in English is a shortened form of the Italian caffè latte (kafˈfɛ lˈlatte), caffelatte (kaffeˈlatte) or caffellatte (kaffelˈlatte), which means ``milk coffee''. The word is also sometimes spelled latté or lattè in English with different kinds of accent marks, which can be a hyperforeignism or a deliberate attempt to indicate that the word is not pronounced according to the rules of English orthography.

is the film changeling based on a true story Changeling (film) -- Changeling is a 2008 American mystery crime drama film directed, produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood and written by J. Michael Straczynski, that explores child endangerment, female disempowerment, political corruption, mistreatment of mental health patients, and the repercussions of violence. The script was based on real-life events, specifically the 1928 Wineville Chicken Coop Murders in Mira Loma, California. The film stars Angelina Jolie as a woman reunited with a boy whom she immediately realizes is not her missing son. When she tries to demonstrate this to the police and city authorities, she is vilified as delusional, labeled as an unfit mother, and then confined to a psychiatric ward.

does the right to privacy exist in the constitution Right to privacy -- Although the Constitution does not explicitly include the right to privacy, the Supreme Court has found that the Constitution implicitly grants a right to privacy against governmental intrusion from the First Amendment, Third Amendment, Fourth Amendment, and the Fifth Amendment. This right to privacy has been the justification for decisions involving a wide range of civil liberties cases, including Pierce v. Society of Sisters, which invalidated a successful 1922 Oregon initiative requiring compulsory public education, Griswold v. Connecticut, where a right to privacy was first established explicitly, Roe v. Wade, which struck down a Texas abortion law and thus restricted state powers to enforce laws against abortion, and Lawrence v. Texas, which struck down a Texas sodomy law and thus eliminated state powers to enforce laws against sodomy.

is why don't we still a band Why Don't We -- The band originally formed on September 27, 2016, and announced it the next day via their YouTube account. Since then, the band has released three EPs and five singles.

does jk rowling have any other books besides harry potter J. K. Rowling -- Born in Yate, Gloucestershire, England, Rowling was working as a researcher and bilingual secretary for Amnesty International when she conceived the idea for the Harry Potter series while on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990. The seven-year period that followed saw the death of her mother, birth of her first child, divorce from her first husband and relative poverty until the first novel in the series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, was published in 1997. There were six sequels, of which the last, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, was released in 2007. Since then, Rowling has written four books for adult readers: The Casual Vacancy (2012) and--under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith--the crime fiction novels The Cuckoo's Calling (2013), The Silkworm (2014) and Career of Evil (2015).

is real feel the same as heat index Heat index -- The heat index (HI) or humiture is an index that combines air temperature and relative humidity, in shaded areas, to posit a human-perceived equivalent temperature, as how hot it would feel if the humidity were some other value in the shade. The result is also known as the ``felt air temperature'', ``apparent temperature'', ``real feel'' or ``feels like''. For example, when the temperature is 32 °C (90 °F) with 70% relative humidity, the heat index is 41 °C (106 °F). This heat index temperature has an implied (unstated) humidity of 20%. This is the value of relative humidity for which the heat index number equals the actual air temperature.

is allied waste the same as republic services Allied Waste Industries -- On June 23, 2008, Allied was purchased by its smaller competitor Republic Services, Inc for US$6.1 billion. The merged company, retaining the Republic name, has become the second largest non-hazardous solid waste management company in the United States.

is precipitation the same as chance of rain Probability of precipitation -- A probability of precipitation (POP), (also expressed as: ``chance of precipitation,'' ``chance of rain'') is a description of the likelihood of precipitation that is often published with weather forecasts. Generally it refers to the probability that at least some minimum quantity of precipitation will occur within a specified forecast period and location.

is there such thing as a solar powered car Solar car -- The first solar family car was built in 2013. Researchers at Case Western Reserve University, have also developed a better solar car which can recharge more quickly, due to better materials used in the solar panels.

is eeyore from winnie the pooh a donkey Eeyore -- Eeyore (/ˈiːɔːr/ ( listen) EE-or) is a character in the Winnie-the-Pooh books by A.A. Milne. He is generally characterized as a pessimistic, gloomy, depressed, anhedonic, old grey stuffed donkey who is a friend of the title character, Winnie-the-Pooh.

do your parents have to be dead to be an orphan Orphan -- An orphan (from the Greek: ορφανός orphanós) is someone whose parents have died, are unknown, or have permanently abandoned them.

can you call the police with no sim Emergency telephone number -- Because of loop disconnect dialing, attention was devoted to making the numbers difficult to dial accidentally by making them involve long sequences of pulses, such as with the UK 999 emergency number. That said, the real reason that ``999' was chosen is that the preferred ``000'' and ``111'' could not be used: ``111'' dialing could accidentally take place when phone lines were in too close proximity to each other, and ``0'' was already in use by the operator. Subscribers, as they were called then, were even given instructions on how to find the number ``9'' on the dial in darkened, or smoke-filled, rooms, by locating and placing the first finger in the ``0'' and the second in the ``9'', then removing the first when actually dialling. However, in modern times, where repeated sequences of numbers are easily accidentally dialled on mobile phones, this is problematic, as mobile phones will dial an emergency number while the keypad is locked or even without a SIM card. Some people have reported accidentally dialling 112 by loop-disconnect for various technical reasons, including while working on extension telephone wiring, and point to this as a disadvantage of the 112 emergency number, which takes only four loop disconnects to activate.

did spain win the world cup in 2010 2010 FIFA World Cup -- In the final, Spain, the European champions, defeated the Netherlands (third-time losing finalists) 1--0 after extra time, with Andrés Iniesta's goal in the 116th minute giving Spain their first world title. Spain became the eighth nation to win the tournament and the first European nation to win a World Cup hosted outside its home continent: all previous World Cups held outside Europe had been won by South American nations. As a result of their win, Spain represented the World in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. Host nation South Africa, 2006 champions Italy and 2006 runners-up France were all eliminated in the first round of the tournament. It was the first time that the hosts had been eliminated in the first round. New Zealand, with their three draws, were the only undefeated team in the tournament, but they were also eliminated in the first round.

is there a real baker street in london 221B Baker Street -- At the time the Holmes stories were published, addresses in Baker Street did not go as high as 221. Baker Street was later extended, and in 1932 the Abbey National Building Society moved into premises at 219--229 Baker Street. For many years, Abbey National employed a full-time secretary to answer mail addressed to Sherlock Holmes. In 1990, a blue plaque signifying 221B Baker Street was installed at the Sherlock Holmes Museum, situated elsewhere on the same block, and there followed a 15-year dispute between Abbey National and the Holmes Museum for the right to receive mail addressed to 221B Baker Street. Since the closure of Abbey House in 2005, ownership of the address by the Holmes Museum has not been challenged, despite its location between 237 and 241 Baker Street.

is zendaya in spider man far from home Spider-Man: Far From Home -- Spider-Man: Far From Home is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man, produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is intended to be the sequel to Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) and the twenty-third film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Jon Watts, and written by Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers. It stars Tom Holland as Peter Parker / Spider-Man, alongside Michael Keaton, Jon Favreau, Zendaya, Marisa Tomei, Jake Gyllenhaal, Cobie Smulders, and Samuel L. Jackson. The film depicts Parker and his friends as they go on summer vacation to Europe.

did estonia used to be part of russia History of Estonia -- Sweden's defeat by Russia in the Great Northern War resulted in the capitulation of Estonia and Livonia in 1710, confirmed by the Treaty of Nystad in 1721, and Russian rule was then imposed on what later became modern Estonia. Nonetheless, the legal system, Lutheran church, local and town governments, and education remained mostly German until the late 19th century and partially until 1918.

has a team ever won back to back super bowls List of Super Bowl champions -- The Pittsburgh Steelers (6--2) have won the most Super Bowls with six championships, while the New England Patriots (5--5), the Dallas Cowboys (5--3), and the San Francisco 49ers (5--1) have five wins. New England has the most Super Bowl appearances with ten, while the Buffalo Bills (0--4) have the most consecutive appearances with four (all losses) from 1990 to 1993. The Miami Dolphins are the only other team to have at least three consecutive appearances: 1972--1974. The Denver Broncos (3--5) and Patriots have each lost a record five Super Bowls. The Minnesota Vikings (0--4) and the Bills have lost four. The record for consecutive wins is two and is shared by seven franchises: the Green Bay Packers (1966--1967), the Miami Dolphins (1972--1973), the Pittsburgh Steelers (1974--1975 and 1978--1979, the only team to accomplish this feat twice), the San Francisco 49ers (1988--1989), the Dallas Cowboys (1992--1993), the Denver Broncos (1997--1998), and the New England Patriots (2003--2004). Among those, Dallas (1992--1993; 1995) and New England (2001; 2003--2004) are the only teams to win three out of four consecutive Super Bowls. The 1972 Dolphins capped off the only perfect season in NFL history with their victory in Super Bowl VII. The only team with multiple Super Bowl appearances and no losses is the Baltimore Ravens, who in winning Super Bowl XLVII defeated and replaced the 49ers in that position. Four current NFL teams have never appeared in a Super Bowl, including franchise relocations and renaming: the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Houston Texans, though both the Browns (1964) and Lions (1957) had won NFL championship games prior to the creation of the Super Bowl.

is orange is the new black a netflix original Orange Is the New Black -- Orange Is the New Black (sometimes abbreviated to OITNB) is an American comedy-drama web television series created by Jenji Kohan for Netflix. The series is based on Piper Kerman's memoir, Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison (2010), about her experiences at FCI Danbury, a minimum-security federal prison. Orange Is the New Black premiered on July 11, 2013 on the streaming service Netflix. In February 2016, the series was renewed for a fifth, sixth, and seventh season. The fifth season was released on June 9, 2017. The sixth season was released on July 27, 2018. The series is produced by Tilted Productions in association with Lionsgate Television.

can staring at a bright light cause blindness Flash blindness -- Flash blindness is a visual impairment during and following exposure to a light flash of extremely high intensity. The bright light overwhelms the eye and gradually fades, lasting anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes.

are there any tolls on i-75 List of toll roads in Florida -- The Turnpike collects tolls in the portion of I-75 known as Alligator Alley, the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, the Pinellas Bayway System and the Beachline East (State Road 528) -- all FDOT-owned roads and bridges. It also provides toll collection services for the Garcon Point and Mid-Bay Bridges in Florida's Panhandle as well as the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway in Tampa. These roads, as well as the roads on the Central Florida Expressway Authority system (Apopka Expressway, Beachline Expressway east of exit 8, Central Florida GreeneWay, East-West Expressway, and the Western Beltway) are compatible with SunPass and benefit from an average of 25% discount.

is there extra time in the world cup playoffs 2018 FIFA World Cup knockout stage -- In the knockout stage, if a match was level at the end of 90 minutes of normal playing time, extra time was played (two periods of 15 minutes each), where each team was allowed to make a fourth substitution. If still tied after extra time, the match was decided by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winners.

does the a train go to penn station 34th Street–Penn Station (IND Eighth Avenue Line) -- 34th Street--Penn Station is an express station on the IND Eighth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway, located at the intersection of 34th Street and Eighth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan. It is served by the A and E trains at all times, and by the C train at all times except late nights. The station is adjacent to Pennsylvania Station, the busiest railroad station in the United States as well as a major transfer point to Amtrak, New Jersey Transit, and the Long Island Rail Road.

can you make prawn crackers in the microwave Prawn cracker -- Most varieties of prawn crackers can also be prepared in a microwave oven, in which a few discs can be cooked in less than a minute. This will usually cause them to cook and expand in a way similar to when they are deep fried. For small quantities, this method is faster and less messy, as the crackers do not become as oily. However, this may cause the cracker to retain a stronger aroma of raw shrimp and the cracker has to be consumed within hours before it softens and loses its crispness.

is it illegal to steal a street sign Street sign theft -- In most jurisdictions, the theft of traffic signage is treated like any other theft with respect to prosecution and sentencing. If, however, the theft leads to an injury, then the thieves may be found criminally liable for the injury as well, provided that an injury of that sort was a foreseeable consequence of such a theft. In one notable United States case, three people were found guilty of manslaughter for stealing a stop sign and thereby causing a deadly collision. This was publicized in the novel Driver's Ed by Caroline B. Cooney.

is there a river in ellicott city md Ellicott City, Maryland -- The town is prone to flooding from the Patapsco River and its tributary the Tiber River. These floods have had a major impact on the history of the town, often destroying important businesses and killing many. Ellicott City has had major devastating floods in 1817, 1837, 1868, 1901, 1917, 1923, 1938, 1942, 1952, 1956, 1972 (Hurricane Agnes), 1975 (Hurricane Eloise), 1989, 2011, 2016, and 2018. The 1868 flood washed away 14 houses, killing 39 to 43 (accounts vary) in and around Ellicott City. It wiped out the Granite Manufacturing Cotton Mill, Charles A. Gambrill's Patapsco Mill, John Lee Carroll's mill buildings, and dozens of homes. One mill was rebuilt by Charles Gambrill, which remained in operation until a fire in 1916.

did i am they get a new singer I Am They -- In April 2017, a new vocalist, Houston resident Jon McConnell, was introduced with the release of the band's new song, Crown Him.

does a spark plug need to be grounded Spark plug -- A spark plug (sometimes, in British English, a sparking plug, and, colloquially, a plug) is a device for delivering electric current from an ignition system to the combustion chamber of a spark-ignition engine to ignite the compressed fuel/air mixture by an electric spark, while containing combustion pressure within the engine. A spark plug has a metal threaded shell, electrically isolated from a central electrode by a porcelain insulator. The central electrode, which may contain a resistor, is connected by a heavily insulated wire to the output terminal of an ignition coil or magneto. The spark plug's metal shell is screwed into the engine's cylinder head and thus electrically grounded. The central electrode protrudes through the porcelain insulator into the combustion chamber, forming one or more spark gaps between the inner end of the central electrode and usually one or more protuberances or structures attached to the inner end of the threaded shell and designated the side, earth, or ground electrode(s).

is it legal to count cards in las vegas Card counting -- Card counting is not illegal under British law, nor is it under federal, state, or local laws in the United States provided that no external card counting device or person assists the player in counting cards. Still, casinos object to the practice, and try to prevent it, banning players believed to be counters. In their pursuit to identify card counters, casinos sometimes misidentify and ban players suspected of counting cards even if they do not.

is a crawfish and a crawdad the same thing Crayfish -- Crayfish, also known as crawfish, crawdads, crawldads, freshwater lobsters, mountain lobsters, mudbugs or yabbies, are freshwater crustaceans resembling small lobsters (to which they are related). Taxonomically, they are members of the superfamilies Astacoidea and Parastacoidea. They breathe through feather-like gills. Some species are found in brooks and streams where there is running fresh water, while others thrive in swamps, ditches, and paddy fields. Most crayfish cannot tolerate polluted water, although some species such as Procambarus clarkii are hardier. Crayfish feed on animals and plants, either living or decomposing, and detritus.

can you have a unanimous vote with an abstention Unanimity -- Practice varies as to whether a vote can be considered unanimous if some voter abstains. In Robert's Rules of Order, a ``unanimous vote'' is not specifically defined, although an abstention is not counted as a vote regardless of the voting threshold. Also in this book, action could be taken by ``unanimous consent'', or ``general consent'', if there are no objections raised. However, unanimous consent may not necessarily be the same as a unanimous vote (see Not the same as unanimous vote). In either case, it does not take into account the members who were not present.

is there any original members of lynyrd skynyrd List of Lynyrd Skynyrd members -- Lynyrd Skynyrd is a Southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida. Formed in 1964, the group originally included vocalist Ronnie Van Zant, guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins, bassist Larry Junstrom and drummer Bob Burns. The current lineup features Rossington, guitarist and vocalist Rickey Medlocke (from 1971 to 1972, and since 1996), lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant (since 1987), drummer Michael Cartellone (since 1999), guitarist Mark Matejka (since 2006), keyboardist Peter Keys (since 2009) and bassist Keith Christopher (since 2017). The band also tours with two backing vocalists, currently Dale Krantz-Rossington (since 1987) and Carol Chase (since 1996).

is test track the fastest ride in disney Test Track -- Before the 2012 refurbishment, guests rode in ``test vehicles'' in a GM ``testing facility'' through a series of assessments to illustrate how automobile prototype evaluations were conducted. The highlight of the attraction was (and still is) a speed trial on a track around the exterior of the building at a top speed of 64.9 miles per hour (104.4 km/h) making it the fastest Disney theme park attraction ever built. After the 2012 refurbishment, guests design their own car in the Chevrolet Design Studio. Then they board a ``Sim-Car'' and are taken through the ``digital'' testing ground of the ``SimTrack''. Throughout the ride, guests see how their designs performed in each individual test. After the ride, guests can see how their car did overall, film a commercial, race their designs, and have a picture taken with their own virtually designed vehicle with a chosen backdrop in the background.

is there a story to magic the gathering Multiverse (Magic: The Gathering) -- The Multiverse is the shared fictional universe depicted on Magic: The Gathering cards, novels, comics, and other supplemental products. Though Magic is a strategy game, an intricate storyline underlies the cards released in each expansion. On the cards, elements of this multiverse are shown in the card art and through quotations and descriptions on the bottom of most cards (called flavor text). Novels and anthologies published by HarperPrism and Wizards of the Coast (WOTC), and the comic books published by Armada Comics expand upon the settings and characters hinted at on the cards. WOTC also publishes a weekly story (most often related to the plane explored in the current expansion set) in the Magic Fiction column, previously known as Official Magic Fiction and Uncharted Realms.

is there a green lantern movie coming out Green Lantern (film) -- Green Lantern was released on June 17, 2011, and received generally negative reviews; most criticized the film for its screenplay, inconsistent tone, choice and portrayal of villains, and its use of CGI, while some praised Reynolds' performance. Reynolds would later voice his dissatisfaction with the film. The film underperformed at the box office, grossing $219 million against a production budget of $200 million. Due to the film's negative reception and disappointing box office performance, Warner Bros. canceled any plans for a sequel, instead opting to reboot the character in the DC Extended Universe line with the film Green Lantern Corps, set for release in 2020.

is the ranch filmed in front of a live audience The Ranch (TV series) -- The Ranch is an American comedy web television series starring Ashton Kutcher, Danny Masterson, Debra Winger, Elisha Cuthbert, and Sam Elliott that debuted in 2016 on Netflix. The show takes place on the fictional Iron River Ranch in the fictitious small town of Garrison, Colorado; detailing the life of the Bennetts, a dysfunctional family consisting of two brothers, their rancher father, and his divorced wife and local bar owner. While the opening sequence shows scenes from Norwood and Ouray, Colorado and surrounding Ouray and San Miguel Counties, The Ranch is filmed on a sound stage in front of a live audience in Burbank, California. Each season consists of 20 episodes broken up into two parts, each containing 10 episodes.

did jean grey die in the last stand X-Men: The Last Stand -- X-Men: The Last Stand has been criticized by fans for killing off major characters such as Professor Charles Xavier, Cyclops, and Jean Grey. The 2014 film X-Men: Days of Future Past has subsequently been viewed by some critics as a revision of those controversial plot elements in X-Men: The Last Stand. Writer Kinberg would later state that ``there are a lot of things about 'X3' that I love and there are a lot of things that I regret'', detailing that he would have preferred the Dark Phoenix as the main plotline and ``I would have fought harder'' for that, considering that at the period ``the darkness of her story was a little bit daunting on a huge $200 million studio movie'' leading Fox to ask for rewrites. Previous X-Men director Bryan Singer declared that The Last Stand ``isn't what I would have done'' and he was dissatisfied with the busy plot and excessive character deaths, but Singer still liked some parts of the movie, such as Ellen Page's casting -- leading Singer to bring her back as Kitty Pryde in X-Men: Days of Future Past -- and the scenes with Leech, which he described as ``really sweet moments''. Matthew Vaughn, who was attached as director before dropping out, criticized Ratner's direction: ``I could have done something with far more emotion and heart. I'm probably going to be told off for saying that, but I genuinely believe it.'' While promoting his own installment of the franchise, 2011's X-Men: First Class, Vaughn would say regarding The Last Stand that ``I storyboarded the whole bloody film, did the script. My X3 would have been 40 minutes longer. They didn't let the emotions and the drama play in that film. It became wall-to-wall noise and drama. I would have let it breathe and given far more dramatic elements to it.''

can you mail something with no return address Return address -- The return address is not required on postal mail. However, lack of a return address prevents the postal service from being able to return the item if it proves undeliverable; such as from damage, postage due, or invalid destination. Such mail may otherwise become dead letter mail.

can you build up immunity to snake venom Mithridatism -- There are only a few, if any, practical uses of mithridatism. Venomous snake handler Bill Haast used this method. Snake handlers from Burma are said to tattoo themselves with snake venom for the same reason.

do you have to call a married woman matron of honor Bridesmaid -- The principal bridesmaid, if one is so designated, may be called the chief bridesmaid or maid of honor if she is unmarried, or the matron of honor if she is married. A junior bridesmaid is a girl who is clearly too young to be married, but who is included as an honorary bridesmaid. In the United States, typically only the maid/matron of honor and the best man are the official witnesses for the wedding license.

is there a difference between dynamite and tnt Dynamite -- In actuality, aside from both being high explosives, TNT and Dynamite have very little in common: TNT is a 2nd generation castable explosive adopted by the military a full sixty years after Dynamite, which is a 1st generation phlegmatized explosive primarily intended for civilian earthmoving. TNT has never been popular or widespread in civilian earthmoving, as it is considerably more expensive and less powerful by weight than Dynamite, as well as being slower to mix and pack into cylindrical boreholes; for its part, Dynamite has never been popular in warfare because it degenerates quickly under severe conditions and can be detonated by either fire or a wayward bullet. TNT's primary asset is its remarkable insensitivity and stability: a full generation better than Dynamite, it is waterproof and incapable of detonating without the extreme shock and heat provided by a blasting cap (or a sympathetic detonation); this conveniently also allows it to be melted at 178 °F, poured into high explosive shells and allowed to re-solidify with no extra danger or change in the TNT's characteristics. As such, more than 90% of the TNT produced in America was always for the military market, with most filling shells, hand grenades and aerial bombs and the remainder being packaged in brown ``bricks'' (not red cylinders) for use as demolition charges by combat engineers.

is there such a thing as a cell phone jammer Mobile phone jammer -- A mobile phone jammer or blocker is a device which deliberately transmits signals on the same radio frequencies as mobile phones, disrupting the communication between the phone and the cell-phone base station, effectively disabling mobile phones within the range of the jammer, preventing them from receiving signals and from transmitting them. Jammers can be used in practically any location, but are found primarily in places where a phone call would be particularly disruptive because silence is expected, such as entertainment venues.

is willy wonka and the chocolate factory a musical Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory -- Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical fantasy family film directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka. It is an adaptation of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl. Dahl was credited with writing the film's screenplay; however, David Seltzer, who went uncredited in the film, was brought in to re-work the screenplay against Dahl's wishes, making major changes to the ending and adding musical numbers. These changes and other decisions made by the director led Dahl to disown the film.

can you move a king backwards in chess King (chess) -- A king can move one square in any direction (horizontally, vertically, or diagonally) unless the square is already occupied by a friendly piece or the move would place the king in check. As a result, the opposing kings may never occupy adjacent squares (see opposition), but the king can give discovered check by unmasking a bishop, rook, or queen. The king is also involved in the special move of castling.

is it illegal to buy organs in the us Organ trade -- All other nations have some form of legislation meant to prevent the illegal trading of organs, whether by an outright ban or through legislation that limits how and by whom donations can be made. Many countries, including Belgium and France, use a system of presumed consent to increase the amount of legal organs available for transplant. . In the United States, federal law prohibits the sale of organs; however, the government has created initiatives to encourage organ gifting and to compensate those who freely donate their organs. In 2004, the state of Wisconsin began providing tax deductions to living donors.

does the nile river still flood every year Flooding of the Nile -- The flooding of the Nile is the result of the yearly monsoon between May and August causing enormous precipitations on the Ethiopian Highlands whose summits reach heights of up to 4550 m (14,928 ft). Most of this rainwater is taken by the Blue Nile and by the Atbarah River into the Nile, while a less important amount flows through the Sobat and the White Nile into the Nile. During this short period, those rivers contribute up to ninety percent of the water of the Nile and most of the sedimentation carried by it, but after the rainy season, dwindle to minor rivers.

is there a difference between an ounce and a fluid ounce Fluid ounce -- The fluid ounce is distinct from the ounce as a unit of weight or mass, although it is sometimes referred to simply as an ``ounce'' where context makes the meaning clear, such as ounces in a bottle.

can an infinite geometric series have a sum Geometric series -- Geometric series are among the simplest examples of infinite series with finite sums, although not all of them have this property. Historically, geometric series played an important role in the early development of calculus, and they continue to be central in the study of convergence of series. Geometric series are used throughout mathematics, and they have important applications in physics, engineering, biology, economics, computer science, queueing theory, and finance.

has there ever been an earthquake in tennessee 1968 Illinois earthquake -- Damage was confined to Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee, and south-central Iowa, and largely consisted of fallen chimneys, foundation cracks, collapsed parapets, and overturned tombstones. In one home in Dale, Illinois, near Tuckers Corners and southwest of McLeansboro, the quake cracked interior walls, plaster, and chimneys. Using a type of victim study, the local post office surveyed residents and implemented a field inspection which indicated the strongest shaking (MM VII) took place in the Wabash Valley, Ohio Valley, and other nearby south-central Illinois lowlands. Outside this four-state zone, oscillating objects including cars, chimneys, and the Gateway Arch were reported to authorities.

is a sous chef higher than a chef de partie Chef -- There are different terms that use the word chef in their titles, and deal with specific areas of food preparation, such as the sous-chef, who acts as the second-in-command in a kitchen, or the chef de partie, who handles a specific area of production. The kitchen brigade system is a hierarchy found in restaurants and hotels employing extensive staff, many of which use the word ``chef'' in their titles. Underneath the chefs are the kitchen assistants. A chef's standard uniform includes a hat (called a toque), neckerchief, double-breasted jacket, apron and sturdy shoes (that may include steel or plastic toe-caps).

is the isle of man part of the uk Isle of Man -- The Isle of Man (Manx: Ellan Vannin (ˈɛljən ˈvanɪn)), sometimes referred to simply as Mann (/mæn/; Manx: Mannin (ˈmanɪn)), is a self-governing British Crown dependency, an island in the Irish Sea between Great Britain and Ireland. The head of state is Queen Elizabeth II, who holds the title of Lord of Mann and is represented by a Lieutenant Governor. Defence is the responsibility of the United Kingdom.

does the new mama mia have abba music Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again -- Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again was announced on May 19, 2017, with a release date of July 20, 2018. It was written and directed by Ol Parker. On September 27, 2017, Benny Andersson confirmed 3 ABBA songs that would be featured in the film: ``When I Kissed the Teacher,'' ``I Wonder (Departure),'' and ``Angeleyes.'' ``I Wonder (Departure)'' was cut from the film, but is included on the soundtrack album.

is 0 in the set of natural numbers Natural number -- With all these definitions it is convenient to include 0 (corresponding to the empty set) as a natural number. Including 0 is now the common convention among set theorists and logicians. Other mathematicians also include 0 although many have kept the older tradition and take 1 to be the first natural number. Computer scientists often start from zero when enumerating items like loop counters and string- or array- elements.

is puerto rico considered a part of the united states Puerto Rico -- Puerto Rico (Spanish for ``Rich Port''), officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico, lit. ``Free Associated State of Puerto Rico'') and briefly called Porto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 1,000 miles (1,600 km) southeast of Miami, Florida.

has usa ever played in the world cup United States at the FIFA World Cup -- The United States men's national soccer team has played in several World Cup finals, with their best result occurring during their first appearance at the 1930 World Cup, when the United States finished in third place. After the 1950 World Cup, in which the United States upset England in group play 1--0, the U.S. was absent from the finals until 1990. The United States has participated in every World Cup since 1990 until they failed to qualify for the 2018 competition after a loss to Trinidad and Tobago in 2017.

does the goalkeeper count in the offside rule Offside (association football) -- A player is in an 'offside position' if they are in the opposing team's half of the field and also ``nearer to the opponents' goal line than both the ball and the second-last opponent.'' The 2005 edition of the Laws of the Game included a new IFAB decision that stated, ``In the definition of offside position, 'nearer to his opponents' goal line' means that any part of their head, body or feet is nearer to their opponents' goal line than both the ball and the second last opponent. The arms are not included in this definition''. By 2017, the wording had changed to say that, in judging offside position, ``The hands and arms of all players, including the goalkeepers, are not considered.'' In other words, a player is in an offside position if two conditions are met:

do all craftsman tools have a lifetime warranty Craftsman (tools) -- Most Craftsman hand tools are advertised as having an unlimited lifetime warranty. This lifetime warranty program was instituted by Sears when they began selling the Craftsman line in 1927. This warranty program requires no receipt or dated proof of purchase. If the owner takes the item into a local retail store, it may be replaced or repaired free of charge. In some cases, such as ratchets, the customer may be offered a repair kit with which to repair the item or an already refurbished item. As of 2017, many Sears stores do not offer the kits to consumers, instead they will either rebuild the customer's ratchet or provide one that they have already rebuilt. Ratchet kits for the US made ratchets are different than those for the Asian made ratchets, although some repair kits for the US made ratchets are now made in China (but again, will not interchange with the kits for the Asian ratchets). As of 2018, some stores will supply the customer the rebuild kits for them to rebuild on their own, others will require the customer to have the store employees rebuild the ratchet for them.

is elmer's glue all a pva glue Polyvinyl acetate -- PVAc emulsions such as Elmer's Glue-All contain polyvinyl alcohol as a protective colloid. In alkaline conditions, boron compounds such as boric acid or borax cause the polyvinyl alcohol to cross-link, forming tackifying precipitates or toys, such as Slime and Flubber.

does mercury stay a constant distance from the sun year after year Mercury (planet) -- Like Venus, Mercury orbits the Sun within Earth's orbit as an inferior planet, and never exceeds 28° away from the Sun. When viewed from Earth, this proximity to the Sun means the planet can only be seen near the western or eastern horizon during the early evening or early morning. At this time it may appear as a bright star-like object, but is often far more difficult to observe than Venus. The planet telescopically displays the complete range of phases, similar to Venus and the Moon, as it moves in its inner orbit relative to Earth, which reoccurs over the so-called synodic period approximately every 116 days.

is a new nba trophy made every year Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy -- A new trophy design was created for the 1977 NBA Finals, although it retained the Walter A. Brown title. Unlike the original championship trophy, the new trophy was given permanently to the winning team and a new one was made every year.

was highway to the danger zone written for top gun Danger Zone (song) -- Film producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson, along with music supervisor Michael Dilbeck, had over 300 songs to employ on Top Gun. Testing compositions against the dailies of the opening scenes at the aircraft carrier, nothing satisfied them, and Bruckheimer asked soundtrack producer Giorgio Moroder to write something. With the help of songwriter Tom Whitlock, he composed ``Danger Zone'' and had Joe Pizzulo record a demo. With the approval of the producers, soundtrack distributor Columbia Records requested Moroder to have ``Danger Zone'' performed by an artist signed by the label.

is kingda ka the biggest roller coaster in the world Kingda Ka -- Kingda Ka is a steel accelerator roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey. It is the world's tallest roller coaster, the world's second fastest roller coaster, and was the second strata coaster ever built. It was built by Stakotra, a subcontractor to Intamin. Riders have to be 54'' in order to be able to get on the roller coaster.

can a federal court hear a state law case Diversity jurisdiction -- In the law of the United States, diversity jurisdiction is a form of subject-matter jurisdiction in civil procedure in which a United States district court in the federal judiciary has the power to hear a civil case when the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000 and where the persons that are parties are ``diverse'' in citizenship or state of incorporation (for corporations being legal persons), which generally indicates that they differ in state and/or nationality. Diversity jurisdiction and federal-question jurisdiction (jurisdiction over issues arising under federal law) constitute the two primary categories of subject matter jurisdiction in U.S. federal courts.

is it true that your arm span is your height Arm span -- Arm span or reach (sometimes referred to as wingspan) is the physical measurement of the length from one end of an individual's arms (measured at the fingertips) to the other when raised parallel to the ground at shoulder height at a 90° angle. The average reach correlates to the person's height. Age and sex have to be taken into account to best predict height from arm span.

has anyone ever won the million on millionaire Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (UK game show) -- The original series aired for 30 series and a total of 592 episodes, from 4 September 1998 to 11 February 2014, and was presented by Chris Tarrant. Over the course of its run, the original series had around five contestants walk away with the top cash prize of £1 million, and faced a number of controversies during its run, including an attempt to defraud the show of its top prize by a contestant. The original format of the programme was tweaked in later years, changing the number of questions from fifteen to twelve and altering the payout structure as a result, and later incorporating a time limit. Four years after the original series ended, ITV unveiled a revived series, created by Stellify Media, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the programme. The revived format, based upon the original design, was presented by Jeremy Clarkson, and broadcast in 2018, from 5--11 May.

do they have mother's day in other countries Mother's Day -- Mother's Day is a celebration honoring the mother of the family, as well as motherhood, maternal bonds, and the influence of mothers in society. It is celebrated on various days in many parts of the world, most commonly in the months of March or May. It complements similar celebrations honoring family members, such as Father's Day, Siblings Day, and Grandparents Day.

is there a spin off from breaking bad Better Call Saul -- Better Call Saul is an American television crime drama series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. It is a spin-off prequel of Gilligan's prior series Breaking Bad. Set in the early 2000s, Better Call Saul follows the story of con-man turned small-time lawyer, Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk), six years before the events of Breaking Bad, showing his transformation into the persona of criminal-for-hire Saul Goodman. Jimmy becomes the lawyer of former beat cop Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks), whose relevant skill set allows him to enter the criminal underworld of drug trafficking in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The show premiered on AMC on February 8, 2015. The 10-episode fourth season started airing August 6, 2018; the show has been renewed for a fifth season.

is english an official language of new zealand Languages of New Zealand -- English is New Zealand's official language. It is the primary language used for court proceedings, and statutes and other official pronouncements. English is spoken by 96.1 percent of the population.

have any satellites or robots been to neptune Exploration of Neptune -- The exploration of Neptune has only begun with one spacecraft, Voyager 2 in 1989. Currently there are no approved future missions to visit the Neptunian system. NASA, ESA and also independent academic groups have proposed future scientific missions to visit Neptune. Some mission plans are still active, while others have been abandoned or put on hold.

can you put a split tongue back together Tongue splitting -- The tongue generally heals in 1--2 weeks, during which time the person may have difficulty with speech or their normal dietary habits. Splitting is reversible but the reversal is even more painful than the tongue splitting procedure.

is canada part of the human rights council United Nations Human Rights Council -- The UNHRC was established by the UN General Assembly on March 15, 2006 (by resolution A/RES/60/251) to replace the UN Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR, herein CHR) that had been strongly criticised for allowing countries with poor human rights records to be members. UN Secretaries General Kofi Annan and Ban Ki-moon, former president of the council Doru Costea, the European Union, Canada, and the United States have accused the UNHRC of focusing disproportionately on the Israeli--Palestinian conflict, and many allege an anti-Israel bias- the Council has resolved more resolutions condemning Israel than the rest of the world combined. The UNHRC works closely with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and engages the UN's special procedures.

is troy fall of a city on netflix Troy: Fall of a City -- Troy: Fall of a City is a British-American miniseries based on the Trojan War and the love affair between Paris and Helen. The show tells the story of the 10 year siege of Troy, set in the 13th century BC. The series was commissioned by BBC One and is a co-production between BBC One and Netflix, with BBC One airing the show on 17 February 2018 in the United Kingdom, and Netflix streaming the show internationally outside the UK.

is visa delta the same as visa debit Visa Debit -- The Visa Debit card was previously known as ``Visa Delta'' solely in the UK. The Delta name began to be phased out in favour of the Visa Debit branding from September 1998.

is verizon and verizon wireless the same company Verizon Communications -- Verizon's subsidiary Verizon Wireless is the largest U.S. wireless communications service provider as of September 2014, with 147 million mobile customers. And as of 2017, Verizon is the only publicly-traded telecommunications company to have two stock listings in its home country, both the NYSE (VZ; main) and Nasdaq (VZA; secondary) As of 2017, it is also the second largest telecommunications company by revenue after AT&T.

is an australian cattle dog the same as a blue heeler Australian Cattle Dog -- Australian Cattle Dog has been nicknamed a ``Red Heeler'' or ``Blue Heeler'' on the basis of its colouring and practice of moving reluctant cattle by nipping at their heels. Dogs from a line bred in Queensland, Australia, which were successful at shows and at stud in the 1940s, were called ``Queensland Heelers'' to differentiate them from lines bred in New South Wales; this nickname is now occasionally applied to any Australian Cattle Dog.

does keith die in season 3 of one tree hill One Tree Hill (season 3) -- The aftermath of the school shooting and the death of Jimmy Edwards force everyone in Tree Hill to examine their lives. Nathan reassesses his relationship with Haley, while Brooke and Rachel join forces to heal the student body. Dan must deal with the ramifications of killing Keith. Lucas and Peyton consider the implications of their kiss in the library.

were the balkans part of the ottoman empire History of the Balkans -- Much of the Balkans was under Ottoman rule throughout the Early modern period. Ottoman rule was long, lasting from the 14th century up until the early 20th in some territories. The Ottoman Empire was religiously, linguistically and ethnically diverse, and, at times, a much more tolerant place for religious practices when compared to other parts of the world. The different groups in the empire were organised along confessional lines, in the so-called the Millet system. Among the Orthodox Christians of the empire (the Rum Millet) a common identity was forged based on a shared sense of time defined by the ecclesiastical calendar, saint's days and feasts.

does a business have a birthday or anniversary Corporate anniversary -- In marketing, a Corporate anniversary is a celebration of a firm's continued existence after a particular number of years. The celebration is a media event which can help a firm achieve diverse marketing goals, such as promoting its corporate identity, boosting employee morale, building greater investor confidence, and encouraging sales. As a public relations opportunity, it is a way for a firm to tout past accomplishments while strengthening relationships with employees and customers and investors. The duration of the celebration itself can vary considerably, from an hour or day to activities happening throughout the year. Many businesses use an anniversary to express gratitude for past success. Generally, larger corporations have the means to stage more elaborate celebrations.

is parcel force the same as royal mail Parcelforce -- Royal Mail was separated into three divisions in 1986, and in August 1990, Royal Mail Parcels was rebranded as Parcelforce.

can an 18 year old serve alcohol in pennsylvania Alcohol laws of Pennsylvania -- The minimum drinking age in Pennsylvania is 21 years. Minors are prohibited from purchasing, possessing, or consuming alcohol, even if it is furnished by the minor's immediate family. Persons over the age of 18 are permitted to serve alcohol, so an exception is made in the possession portion of the law in this respect. Many states have exceptions for consuming alcohol made for religious or medicinal purposes, but Pennsylvania does not have exceptions for either.

does switzerland allow free movement of eu citizens Switzerland–European Union relations -- From the perspective of the EU, the treaties largely contain the same content as the EEA treaties, making Switzerland a virtual member of the EEA. Most EU law applies universally throughout the EU, the EEA and Switzerland, providing most of the conditions of the free movement of people, goods, services and capital that apply to full member states. Switzerland pays into the EU budget and extended the bilateral treaties to the new EU member states, just like full members did, although each extension requires the approval of Swiss voters in a referendum.

is norway a member of the single market Norway–European Union relations -- The EEA agreement grants Norway access to the EU's single market. From the 23,000 EU laws currently in force, the EEA has incorporated around 5,000 (in force) meaning that Norway is subject to roughly 21% of EU laws. According to Norway's Foreign Affairs (NOU 2012:2 p. 790, 795), from the legislative acts implemented from 1994 to 2010, 70% of EU directives and 17% of EU regulations in force in the EU in 2008 were in force in Norway in 2010. Overall, this means that about 28% of EU legislation in force of these two types in 2008 were in force in Norway in 2010. While the Norwegian parliament has to approve all new legislation which has ``significant new obligations'', this has been widely supported and usually uncontested; between 1992 and 2011, 92% of EU laws were approved unanimously, and most of the rest by a broad majority.

is there peanut butter in reese's peanut butter cups Reese's Peanut Butter Cups -- Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are the No. 1 selling candy brand in the United States and consist of a milk, white, or dark chocolate cup filled with peanut butter, marketed by The Hershey Company. They were created by H.B. Reese, a former dairy farmer and shipping foreman for Milton S. Hershey. Reese left his job as a shipping foreman for The Hershey Company to start his own candy business.

is white tack the same as blu tack Blu Tack -- In the United Kingdom in March 2008, 20,000 numbered packs of pink Blu Tack were made available, to help raise money for Breast Cancer Campaign, with 10 pence from each pack going to the charity. The formulation was slightly altered to retain complete consistency with its blue counterpart. Since then, many coloured variations have been made, including red and white, yellow and a green Halloween pack.

is panama city beach on the gulf of mexico Panama City Beach, Florida -- Panama City Beach is a resort city in Bay County, Florida, United States, on the Gulf of Mexico coast. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 12,018. The city is often referred to under the umbrella term of ``Panama City'', despite being a distinct municipality from the older and larger inland Panama City to the east, making Panama City and Panama City Beach two separate cities. Panama City Beach's slogan is ``The World's Most Beautiful Beaches'' due to the unique, sugar-white sandy beaches of northwest Florida.

does the white house residence have a kitchen Executive Residence -- The Ground Floor of the White House originally contained service rooms. The White House is built on a small slight hill that slopes to the south. To provide access to the north side of the Ground Floor, the area around the north side of the mansion and its northeast and northwest corners was excavated to provide light and air to this half of the Ground Floor. Architect James Hoban designed the Ground Floor so that the kitchen was directly beneath the Entrance Hall, the door to the kitchen below the North Portico. Storerooms were east of the kitchen, while a toilet and dishwashing room were to the west. The kitchen was relocated into the two rooms in the northwest corner of the Ground Floor by 1846, while the old kitchen space as transformed into an informal sitting room/reception space. As of 2010, this large central space originally occupied by the kitchen in the early 1800s had been subdivided into offices for the White House Curator and the United States Secret Service. The kitchen, too, continues to occupy the three rooms (somewhat altered in size now) in the northwest corner of the Ground Floor.

is there a dodo in alice in wonderland Dodo (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland) -- The Dodo is a fictional character appearing in Chapters 2 and 3 of the book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll (Charles Lutwidge Dodgson). The Dodo is a caricature of the author. A popular but unsubstantiated belief is that Dodgson chose the particular animal to represent himself because of his stammer, and thus would accidentally introduce himself as ``Do-do-dodgson''. Historically, the Dodo was a non-flying bird that lived on the island of Mauritius, east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean. It became extinct in the mid 17th century during the colonisation of the island by the Dutch.

can you take a picture of anyone in public uk Photography and the law -- Following a prolonged campaign, including a series of demonstrations by photographers dealt with by police officers and PCSOs, the Metropolitan Police was forced to issue updated legal advice which confirms that ``Members of the public and the media do not need a permit to film or photograph in public places and police have no power to stop them filming or photographing incidents or police personnel'' and that ``The power to stop and search someone under Section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 no longer exists.''

is the lady liberty stamp a forever stamp Statue of Liberty Forever stamp -- The United States Post Office issued the Statue of Liberty Forever stamp on December 1, 2010. The stamp shows the replica of the Statue of Liberty (Liberty Enlightening the World) located at the New York-New York Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip rather than the original Statue of Liberty in New York. The error was not noticed until March 2011. The error was identified by Sunipix, a stock photo agency in Texas. Ten and a half billion of the error stamps were produced. The mistake is the largest run of an error on a postage stamp.

do i need to fast for an acth test ACTH stimulation test -- Measuring a morning, fasting ACTH level helps assess for the etiology of adrenal insufficiency.

can the speaker of the house be removed Speaker of the United States House of Representatives -- The House of Representatives elects the Speaker of the House on the first day of every new Congress and in the event of the death, resignation or removal from the Chair of an incumbent Speaker. The Clerk of the House of Representatives requests nominations: there are normally two, one from each major party (each party having previously met to decide on its nominee). The Clerk then calls the roll of the Representatives, each Representative indicating the surname of the candidate the Representative is supporting. Representatives are not restricted to voting for one of the nominated candidates and may vote for any person, even for someone who is not a member of the House at all. They may also abstain by voting ``present''.

is the movie stepfather based on a true story The Stepfather (2009 film) -- The Stepfather is a 2009 American horror thriller film and a remake of the 1987 horror film of the same title. The film was directed by Nelson McCormick and stars Penn Badgley, Dylan Walsh and Sela Ward. The original was directed by Joseph Ruben and shot from a script by Donald Westlake. The films are loosely based on the crimes of mass murderer John List.

can nicotine be classified as a ganglion blocker Ganglionic blocker -- A ganglionic blocker (or ganglioplegic) is a type of medication that inhibits transmission between preganglionic and postganglionic neurons in the Autonomic Nervous System, often by acting as a nicotinic receptor antagonist. Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors are found on skeletal muscle, but also within the route of transmission for the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system (which together comprise the autonomic nervous system). More specifically, nicotinic receptors are found within the ganglia of the autonomic nervous system, allowing outgoing signals to be transmitted from the presynaptic to the postsynaptic cells. Thus, for example, blocking nicotinic acetylcholine receptors blocks both sympathetic (excitatory) and parasympathetic (calming) stimulation of the heart. The nicotinic antagonist hexamethonium, for example, does this by blocking the transmission of outgoing signals across the autonomic ganglia at the postsynaptic nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.

is shea butter made from a tree nut Shea butter -- Shea butter (/ʃiː/, /ˈʃiːə/, or /ʃeɪ/) is a fat extracted from the nut of the African shea tree (Vitellaria paradoxa). It is usually yellow in color when raw, with more processed versions being ivory or white in color. Shea butter is a triglyceride (fat) derived mainly from stearic acid and oleic acid. It is widely used in cosmetics as a moisturizer, salve or lotion. Shea butter is edible and is used in food preparation in some African countries. Occasionally, shea butter is mixed with other oils as a substitute for cocoa butter, although the taste is noticeably different.

is there a full version of birthday cake by rihanna Birthday Cake (song) -- ``Birthday Cake'' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk (2011). After it leaked onto the internet, fans expressed interest in the track being included on Talk That Talk, but it was later revealed that the 1:18 (one minute, 18 seconds) length that leaked was in fact the final cut and was not being considered for inclusion on the album. Due to a high level of fan interest, the song was included on the album as an interlude. The full length version, also known as the official remix of the track, featuring Rihanna's ex-boyfriend Chris Brown, was premiered online on February 20, 2012, to coincide with Rihanna's 24th birthday. The song peaked in the top fifty.

did dwyane wade make the playoffs his rookie year Dwyane Wade -- Selected 5th overall in the 2003 NBA draft by the Miami Heat, Wade quickly emerged as a productive player on a youthful Miami Heat team and averaged 16.2 points on 46.5% shooting with averages of 4.0 rebounds and 4.5 assists per game. Wade is one of only four Marquette University players to be drafted in the first round; his is the highest draft selection in school history. After a 5--15 start, the Heat would gradually improve and finish 42--40 to qualify for the NBA playoffs. He further distinguished himself with outstanding performances in the playoffs, particularly against the Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference Semi-finals. In the end, however, Wade's successful rookie season was somewhat overshadowed by the success of fellow rookies Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James. Wade did earn unanimous selection to the 2004 NBA All-Rookie Team, and also finished third in rookie of the year voting (behind James and Anthony). He was ranked in the top five among rookies in several major statistical categories, including second in field goal percentage, second in steals, third in scoring, fourth in assists, and fourth in minutes played. In the playoffs Wade hit a game-winning shot in Game 1 of the Heat's first round series against the New Orleans Hornets. The Heat won the series 4--3 and advanced to the second round to face the top-seeded and best record team in the NBA, the Indiana Pacers, in a very entertaining series that almost pushed the 61-win Pacers to the edge, though Miami would eventually lose the series in six games. He became the fourth rookie since the shot clock era began to lead his team in scoring and assist average in the postseason.

is it possible to have thunder without rain Dry thunderstorm -- A dry thunderstorm or heat storm is a thunderstorm that produces thunder and lightning, but most or all of its precipitation evaporates before reaching the ground. Dry lightning refers to lightning strikes occurring in this situation. Both are so common in the American West that they are sometimes used interchangeably. The latter term is a technical misnomer since lightning itself is neither wet nor dry.

has any team ever won back to back super bowls List of Super Bowl champions -- The Pittsburgh Steelers (6--2) have won the most Super Bowls with six championships, while the New England Patriots (5--5), the Dallas Cowboys (5--3), and the San Francisco 49ers (5--1) have five wins. New England has the most Super Bowl appearances with ten, while the Buffalo Bills (0--4) have the most consecutive appearances with four (all losses) from 1990 to 1993. The Miami Dolphins are the only other team to have at least three consecutive appearances: 1972--1974. The Denver Broncos (3--5) and Patriots have each lost a record five Super Bowls. The Minnesota Vikings (0--4) and the Bills have lost four. The record for consecutive wins is two and is shared by seven franchises: the Green Bay Packers (1966--1967), the Miami Dolphins (1972--1973), the Pittsburgh Steelers (1974--1975 and 1978--1979, the only team to accomplish this feat twice), the San Francisco 49ers (1988--1989), the Dallas Cowboys (1992--1993), the Denver Broncos (1997--1998), and the New England Patriots (2003--2004). Among those, Dallas (1992--1993; 1995) and New England (2001; 2003--2004) are the only teams to win three out of four consecutive Super Bowls. The 1972 Dolphins capped off the only perfect season in NFL history with their victory in Super Bowl VII. The only team with multiple Super Bowl appearances and no losses is the Baltimore Ravens, who in winning Super Bowl XLVII defeated and replaced the 49ers in that position. Four current NFL teams have never appeared in a Super Bowl, including franchise relocations and renaming: the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Houston Texans, though both the Browns (1964) and Lions (1957) had won NFL championship games prior to the creation of the Super Bowl.

are there red back spiders in the uk Redback spider -- After mating sperm is stored in the spermathecae, organs of the female reproductive tract, and can be used up to two years later to fertilise several clutches of eggs. Each clutch averages 250 eggs and is housed in a round white silken egg sac. The redback spider has a widespread distribution in Australia, and inadvertent introductions have led to established colonies in including New Zealand, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, Japan and in greenhouses in Belgium.

is it illegal to smoke weed in ct Cannabis in Connecticut -- Cannabis in Connecticut is illegal for recreational use, but possession of small amounts is decriminalized. Medical usage is permitted.

can you contest a scrum in rugby league Scrum (rugby) -- While the Laws of the Game continue to provide for competitive scrums, a convention exists that some scrum rules are not enforced. During the 1970s, scrum penalties for feeding the ball into the legs of the second row, packs moving off the ``mark'' or collapsing the scrum were seen as unattractive. The ability of teams to win a game purely on goals from scrum penalties was also seen as unfair. In an effort to improve this situation, changes to rules and their enforcement were made. The number of scrums was reduced with the introduction of the ``handover'' after a team has used a set of six tackles, the differential penalty, one which cannot be kicked at goal was brought in for offences at scrums and referees ceased enforcing some rules regarding feeding the ball into scrum. Aided by this change, it is common for professional teams not to fully contest scrums, according to their choice of tactics.

is the wheel of time set on earth The Wheel of Time -- The series is set in an unnamed world that, due to the cyclical nature of time as depicted in the series, is simultaneously the distant past and the distant future Earth. The series depicts fictional, ancient mythology that references modern Earth history, while events in the series prefigure real Earth myths. The series takes place about three thousand years after ``The Breaking of the World'', a global cataclysm that ended the ``Age of Legends'', a highly advanced era. Throughout most of the series, the world's technology and institutions are comparable to those of the Renaissance, but with greater equality for women; some cultures are matriarchal. Events later in the series prompt advances similar to the Industrial Revolution.

did elton john ever play with t rex T. Rex (band) -- On 18 March 1972, T. Rex played two shows at the Empire Pool, Wembley, which were filmed by Ringo Starr and his crew for Apple Films. A large part of the second show was included on Bolan's own rock film Born to Boogie, while bits and pieces of the first show can be seen throughout the film's end-credits. Along with T. Rex and Starr, Born to Boogie also features Elton John, who jammed with the friends to create rocking studio versions of ``Children of the Revolution'' and ``Tutti Frutti''; Elton John had appeared on TV with Bolan before, miming the piano part of ``Get it On'' on the 1971 Christmas edition of Top of the Pops.

is there any toys r us still open in the world Toys "R" Us -- The bankruptcy of the chain in the United States has not affected various international operations, however, including Asia and Africa. Discussion then turned to the fate of the Canadian branches. The UK and U.S. stores closed on April 24 and June 29, 2018, respectively. However, the company still exists as the owner of the international operations, with the exception of the Canadian stores.

is taro root the same as elephant ears Colocasia esculenta -- Colocasia esculenta is thought to be native to Southern India and Southeast Asia, but is widely naturalised. It is a perennial, tropical plant primarily grown as a root vegetable for its edible starchy corm, and as a leaf vegetable. It is a food staple in African, Oceanic and Indian cultures and is believed to have been one of the earliest cultivated plants. Colocasia is thought to have originated in the Indomalaya ecozone, perhaps in East India, Nepal, and Bangladesh, and spread by cultivation eastward into Southeast Asia, East Asia and the Pacific Islands; westward to Egypt and the eastern Mediterranean Basin; and then southward and westward from there into East Africa and West Africa, where it spread to the Caribbean and Americas. It is known by many local names and often referred to as ``elephant ears'' when grown as an ornamental plant. At around 3.3 million metric tons per year, Nigeria is the largest producer of taro in the world.

is child psychology the same as developmental psychology Developmental psychology -- Developmental psychology is the scientific study of how and why human beings change over the course of their life. Originally concerned with infants and children, the field has expanded to include adolescence, adult development, aging, and the entire lifespan. Developmental psychologists aim to explain how thinking, feeling and behaviour change throughout life. This field examines change across three major dimensions: physical development, cognitive development, and socioemotional development. Within these three dimensions are a broad range of topics including motor skills, executive functions, moral understanding, language acquisition, social change, personality, emotional development, self-concept and identity formation.

is it legal to sell human body parts Organ trade -- All other nations have some form of legislation meant to prevent the illegal trading of organs, whether by an outright ban or through legislation that limits how and by whom donations can be made. Many countries, including Belgium and France, use a system of presumed consent to increase the amount of legal organs available for transplant. . In the United States, federal law prohibits the sale of organs; however, the government has created initiatives to encourage organ gifting and to compensate those who freely donate their organs. In 2004, the state of Wisconsin began providing tax deductions to living donors.

can you go to nba out of high school NBA high school draftees -- The NBA high school draftees are players who have been drafted to the National Basketball Association (NBA) straight out of high school without playing basketball at the collegiate level. The process of jumping directly from high school to the professional level is also known as going prep-to-pro. Since 2006, the practice of drafting high school players has been prohibited by the new collective bargaining agreement, which requires that players who entered the draft be 19 years of age and at least one year removed from high school. Contrary to popular belief, the player does not have to play at least a year in college basketball, as the player can choose to instead play in another professional league (like the NBA G League or especially somewhere overseas) like Brandon Jennings or Emmanuel Mudiay in Italy and China respectively, simply take the year off, such as the case with Mitchell Robinson, or even hold themselves back a year in high school before declaring for the draft, like with Satnam Singh Bhamara or Thon Maker.

does the sun ever shine from the north Sun path -- In the Northern Hemisphere, the winter sun (December, January, February) rises in the southeast, transits the celestial meridian at a low angle in the south (more than 43° above the southern horizon in the tropics), and then sets in the southwest. It is on the south (equator) side of the house all day long. A vertical window facing south (equator side) is effective for capturing solar thermal energy. For comparison, the winter sun in the Southern Hemisphere (June, July, August) rises in the northeast, peaks out at a low angle in the north (more than halfway up from the horizon in the tropics), and then sets in the northwest. There, the north-facing window would let in plenty of solar thermal energy to the house.

is money heist the same as la casa de papel Money Heist -- Money Heist (Spanish: La casa de papel; literally The Paper House) is a Spanish heist television series created by Álex Pina for Antena 3. The series is a limited series that aired for one season in two parts. It premiered on 2 May 2017 with two aired parts and an upcoming third part. The series stars Úrsula Corberó, Itziar Ituño, Álvaro Morte, Paco Tous, Pedro Alonso, and Alba Flores. On 25 December 2017, the first part premiered internationally on Netflix, though the part was re-edited into 13 episodes instead of the original number of nine episodes. Netflix released the second part of the season internationally on 6 April 2018 and re-edited the remaining six into nine episodes. On 18 April 2018, Netflix renewed the series for a third part which is expected to be released in 2019.

is there a sequel to the percy jackson series The Heroes of Olympus -- The Heroes of Olympus is a pentalogy of fantasy-adventure novels written by American author Rick Riordan. The novels detail a conflict between Greek and Roman demigods and Gaea, the earth goddess. The series is a sequel to Percy Jackson & the Olympians, which dealt with Greek gods. Riordan introduces Roman mythology into his sequel series as well as several new characters. The first book of the series, The Lost Hero, was published on October 12, 2010. The final entry in the series, The Blood of Olympus, was published on October 7, 2014.

are eidetic memory and photographic memory the same Eidetic memory -- Eidetic memory (/aɪˈdɛtɪk/; sometimes called photographic memory) is an ability to vividly recall images from memory after only a few instances of exposure, with high precision for a brief time after exposure, without using a mnemonic device. Although the terms eidetic memory and photographic memory are popularly used interchangeably, they are also distinguished, with eidetic memory referring to the ability to view memories like photographs for a few minutes, and photographic memory referring to the ability to recall pages of text or numbers, or similar, in great detail. When the concepts are distinguished, eidetic memory is reported to occur in a small number of children and as something generally not found in adults, while true photographic memory has never been demonstrated to exist.

does canada have a men's national soccer team Canada men's national soccer team -- The Canada men's national soccer team (French: Équipe du Canada de soccer masculin) represents Canada in international soccer competitions at the senior men's level. They are overseen by the Canadian Soccer Association and compete in the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF).

is we bought a zoo a true story We Bought a Zoo -- We Bought a Zoo is a 2011 American family comedy-drama film loosely based on the 2008 memoir of the same name by Benjamin Mee. It was written and directed by Cameron Crowe and stars Matt Damon as widowed father Benjamin Mee, who purchases a dilapidated zoo with his family and takes on the challenge of preparing the zoo for its reopening to the public. The film also stars Scarlett Johansson, Maggie Elizabeth Jones, Thomas Haden Church, Patrick Fugit, Elle Fanning, Colin Ford, and John Michael Higgins. The film was released in the United States on December 23, 2011 by 20th Century Fox. The film earned $120.1 million on a $50 million budget. We Bought a Zoo was released on DVD and Blu-ray on April 3, 2012 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. Dartmoor Zoological Park (originally Dartmoor Wildlife Park), on which the film is based, is a 33-acre zoological garden located near the village of Sparkwell, Devon, England.

are eyes one of the organs of our body Human eye -- The human eye is an organ which reacts to light and pressure. As a sense organ, the mammalian eye allows vision. Human eyes help to provide a three dimensional, moving image, normally coloured in daylight. Rod and cone cells in the retina allow conscious light perception and vision including color differentiation and the perception of depth. The human eye can differentiate between about 10 million colors and is possibly capable of detecting a single photon.

can i bring my dog to pet supplies plus Pet Supplies Plus -- The chain's founders, Harry Shallop and Jack Berry, sought to bring grocery store convenience into the pet supply world. The chain's stores are owned by independent franchisees and company stores. Measuring about 10,000 square feet (930 m), the stores are focused on being neighborhood pet supply ``supermarkets,'' stocking a very wide selection of pet food and supplies. The stores also have limited livestock departments, and some have also recently added grooming services and self-serve dog washes. The stores make it a point to welcome dogs, cats and other pets to its stores. Pet Supplies Plus considers themselves to be ``Americas Favorite Neighborhood Pet Store'' In keeping with the neighborly feel, it displays biscuits at ``nose level'' so dogs can take samples while shopping with their owners. Many locations sponsor adoption events with local animal rescue and humane groups. Pet Supplies Plus currently has their own brand of natural dog and cat food called Redford Naturals.

do the try guys no longer work for buzzfeed The Try Guys -- On June 16, 2018, The Try Guys announced that they had left BuzzFeed and started their own independent production company.

can you use 5 pound coins in shops Five pounds (British coin) -- Five pound coins are legal tender but are intended as souvenirs and are rarely seen in circulation. The coins are sold by the Royal Mint at face value and also, with presentation folders, at a premium to that face value. The 2010 coins, with such folders, were sold for £9.95 each.

is the show shadowhunters based on a book Shadowhunters -- Shadowhunters, also known as Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments, is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Ed Decter, loosely based on the popular book series The Mortal Instruments written by Cassandra Clare. It premiered in North America on Freeform on January 12, 2016. Primarily filmed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, the series follows Clary Fray (Katherine McNamara), who finds out on her birthday that she is not who she thinks she is but rather comes from a long line of Shadowhunters, human-angel hybrids who hunt down demons.

was ode to billy joe based on a true story Ode to Billy Joe (film) -- Gentry's song recounts the day when Billie Joe McAllister committed suicide by jumping off the Tallahatchie Bridge on Choctaw Ridge, Mississippi. When Gentry and Raucher got together to work on the screenplay, she explained she had no idea why the real person who inspired the character of Billie Joe had killed himself . Raucher thus had a free hand to pick one.

is a flash drive the same as a usb stick USB flash drive -- A USB flash drive, also variously known as a thumb drive, pen drive, gig stick, flash stick, jump drive, disk key, disk on key, flash-drive, memory stick, USB stick or USB memory, is a data storage device that includes flash memory with an integrated USB interface. It is typically removable, rewritable and much smaller than an optical disc. Most weigh less than 30 g (1 ounce). Since first appearing on the market in late 2000, as with virtually all other computer memory devices, storage capacities have risen while prices have dropped. As of March 2016, flash drives with anywhere from 8 to 256 GB are frequently sold; less frequent are 512 GB and 1 TB units. Storage capacities as large as 2 TB are planned, with steady improvements in size and price per capacity expected. Some allow up to 100,000 write/erase cycles, depending on the exact type of memory chip used, and are thought to last between 10 and 100 years under normal circumstances (shelf storage time).

are high rise and high waisted jeans the same High-rise (fashion) -- A high-rise or high-waisted garment is one designed to sit high on, or above, the wearer's hips, usually at least 8 centimetres (3 inches) higher than the navel. In western cultures, high-rise jeans were especially common in the 1970s, in competition with low-rise pants.

are the base angles of an isosceles triangle equal Isosceles triangle -- The two equal sides are called the legs and the third side is called the base of the triangle. The other dimensions of the triangle, such as its height, area, and perimeter, can be calculated by simple formulas from the lengths of the legs and base. Every isosceles triangle has an axis of symmetry along the perpendicular bisector of its base. The two angles opposite the legs are equal and are always acute, so the classification of the triangle as acute, right, or obtuse depends only on the angle between its two legs.

is a kcal the same as a calorie Calorie -- A calorie or calory (archaic) is a unit of energy. Various definitions exist but fall into two broad categories. The first, the small calorie, or gram calorie (symbol: cal), is defined as the amount of energy needed to raise the temperature of one gram of water by one degree Celsius at a pressure of one atmosphere. The second, the large calorie or kilogram calorie (symbols: Cal, kcal), also known as the food calorie and similar names, is defined in terms of the kilogram rather than the gram. It is equal to 7003100000000000000♠1,000 small calories or 1 kilocalorie (symbol: kcal).

is hawaii a state of the united states of america Hawaii -- Hawaii (/həˈwaɪ.i/ ( listen) hə-WY-ee; Hawaiian: Hawaiʻi (həˈvɐjʔi)) is the 50th and most recent state to have joined the United States, having received statehood on August 21, 1959. Hawaii is the only U.S. state located in Oceania and the only one composed entirely of islands. It is the northernmost island group in Polynesia, occupying most of an archipelago in the central Pacific Ocean. Hawaii is the only U.S. state located outside North America.

can you have both male and female genitalia Intersex -- Intersex people are born with any of several variations in sex characteristics including chromosomes, gonads, sex hormones, or genitals that, according to the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, ``do not fit the typical definitions for male or female bodies''. Such variations may involve genital ambiguity, and combinations of chromosomal genotype and sexual phenotype other than XY-male and XX-female.

will they make a pirates of the caribbean 6 Pirates of the Caribbean (film series) -- In September 2017, producer Jerry Bruckheimer indicated that another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel is still possible if Dead Men Tell No Tales does well in its home release. In October 2017, Kaya Scodelario said that she was contracted to return for a sixth film. Shortly after, it was announced that Joachim Rønning is being eyed to direct the film.

is a nissan titan a full size truck Nissan Titan -- The Nissan Titan is a full-size pickup truck manufactured in the United States for the North American market by Nissan. It was named for the Titans of Greek mythology.

can a civilian own a fn five seven FN Five-seven -- Historically, sales of the Five-seven pistol were restricted by FN to military and law enforcement customers, but in 2004 the new Five-seven IOM model was introduced and offered to civilian shooters for use with 5.7×28mm sporting ammunition. The IOM model incorporated several modifications to the weapon's design, such as the addition of an M1913 accessory rail, a magazine safety mechanism, and fully adjustable sights. Although offered only with sporting ammunition, the Five-seven's introduction to civilian shooters was met with strong opposition from gun control organizations such as the Brady Campaign.

is there a difference between chicken tikka and chicken tikka masala Chicken tikka masala -- Chicken tikka masala is chicken tikka, chunks of chicken marinated in spices and yogurt, that is then baked in a tandoor oven, and served in a masala (spice mixture) sauce. A tomato and coriander sauce is common, but no recipe for chicken tikka masala is standard; a survey found that of 48 different recipes, the only common ingredient was chicken. The sauce usually includes tomatoes (frequently as purée), cream, coconut cream and spices. The sauce and chicken pieces may be coloured orange using foodstuffs such as turmeric, paprika, tomato purée or with food dye. The dish shares some similarity with Butter chicken, both in the method of creation and appearance.

do front turn signals have to be amber Automotive lighting -- Until the early 1960s, most front turn signals worldwide emitted white light and most rear turn signals emitted red. The auto industry in the USA voluntarily adopted amber front-turn signals for most vehicles beginning in the 1963 model year, though the advent of amber signals was accompanied by legal stumbles in some states and front turn signals were still legally permitted to emit white light until FMVSS 108 took effect for the 1968 model year, whereupon amber became the only permissible front turn signal colour. Presently, most countries outside of the United States and Canada require that all front, side and rear turn signals produce amber light. Exceptions include Switzerland and New Zealand.

will there be new episodes of black mirror Black Mirror -- The show premiered for two series on the British television channel Channel 4 on December 2011 and February 2013, respectively. After its addition to the catalogue in December 2014, Netflix purchased the programme in September 2015. It commissioned a series of 12 episodes later divided into the third and fourth series, each six episodes; the former was released on 21 October 2016 and the latter on 29 December 2017. A fifth series was announced on 5 March 2018.

does the georgia aquarium still have whale sharks Georgia Aquarium -- The Aquarium's notable specimens include whale sharks, beluga whales, California sea lions, bottlenose dolphins, and manta rays.

did colombia make it to the round of 16 2014 FIFA World Cup knockout stage -- Colombia won 2--0 with both goals from James Rodríguez, the first in the 28th minute, where he controlled Abel Aguilar's headed ball on his chest before volleying left-footed from 25 yards out with the ball going in off the underside of the crossbar, which won the 2014 FIFA Puskás Award later in the year. The second goal, in the 50th minute, was a close-range shot from six yards out after receiving the ball from a header by Juan Cuadrado on the right.

is there a relationship between our latitude position and high diversity of life form in the country Biodiversity -- Generally, there is an increase in biodiversity from the poles to the tropics. Thus localities at lower latitudes have more species than localities at higher latitudes. This is often referred to as the latitudinal gradient in species diversity. Several ecological mechanisms may contribute to the gradient, but the ultimate factor behind many of them is the greater mean temperature at the equator compared to that of the poles.

do they live at the end of a quiet place A Quiet Place (film) -- Regan, who was not allowed in the basement previously, sees her father's notes on the creatures and on his experimentation with several different implants. When the creature returns to invade the basement, Regan places the boosted implant on a nearby microphone, magnifying the feedback to ward off the creature. Painfully disoriented, the creature exposes the flesh beneath its armored head, and Evelyn shoots the creature in the head with a shotgun, destroying its head and killing it. The family views a CCTV monitor, showing two creatures attracted by the noise of the shotgun blast approaching the house. With their newly acquired knowledge of the creatures' weakness, the members of the family arm themselves and prepare to fight back.

will there be a season 3 el chapo El Chapo (TV series) -- The third season premiered on July 9, 2018 on Univision, and on July 27, 2018 on Netflix.

is the standard error the same as standard deviation Standard error -- The standard error (SE) of a statistic (usually an estimate of a parameter) is the standard deviation of its sampling distribution or an estimate of that standard deviation of estimate. If the parameter or the statistic is the mean, it is called the standard error of the mean (SEM).

is corn starch the same as corn flower Corn starch -- Corn starch, corn flour or maize starch is the starch derived from the corn (maize) grain. The starch is obtained from the endosperm of the kernel. Corn starch is a common food ingredient, used in thickening sauces or soups, and in making corn syrup and other sugars. It is versatile, easily modified, and finds many uses in industry as adhesives, in paper products, as an anti-sticking agent, and textile manufacturing. It has medical uses, such as to supply glucose for people with glycogen storage disease. Like many products in dust form, it can be hazardous in large quantities due to its flammability.

was romania part of the austro hungarian empire Austria-Hungary -- Austria-Hungary was one of the Central Powers in World War I. It was already effectively dissolved by the time the military authorities signed the armistice of Villa Giusti on 3 November 1918. The Kingdom of Hungary and the First Austrian Republic were treated as its successors de jure, whereas the independence of the West Slavs and South Slavs of the Empire as the First Czechoslovak Republic, the Second Polish Republic and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, respectively, and most of the territorial demands of the Kingdom of Romania were also recognized by the victorious powers in 1920.

does a ruby and a sapphire make a garnet Garnet (Steven Universe) -- Garnet is a fictional character from the animated series Steven Universe, created by Rebecca Sugar. She is a ``gem'', a fictional alien being that exists as a magical gemstone projecting a holographic body. Garnet is a ``fusion gem'' -- i.e., two gemstones combining personalities and appearances as one shared holographic body -- formed by two Gems named Ruby and Sapphire; they chose to remain permanently fused out of love for each other.

has kermit the frog been on sesame street Kermit the Frog -- Kermit the Frog is a Muppet character and Jim Henson's most well-known creation. Introduced in 1955, Kermit serves as the straight man protagonist of numerous Muppet productions, most notably Sesame Street and The Muppet Show, as well as in other television series, films, specials, and public service announcements through the years. Henson originally performed Kermit until his death in 1990; Steve Whitmire performed Kermit from that time up until his dismissal from the role in 2016. Kermit is currently performed by Matt Vogel. He was also voiced by Frank Welker in Muppet Babies and occasionally in other animation projects, and is voiced by Matt Danner in the 2018 reboot of Muppet Babies.

were the new england states free states in 1854 Slave states and free states -- In the 1770s, blacks throughout New England began sending petitions to northern legislatures demanding freedom. Five of the Northern self-declared states adopted policies to at least gradually abolish slavery: Pennsylvania (1780), New Hampshire and Massachusetts (1783), Connecticut and Rhode Island (1784). Vermont had abolished slavery in 1777, while it was still independent, and when it joined the United States as the 14th state in 1791, it was the first state to join untainted by slavery. These state jurisdictions thus enacted the first abolition laws in the Americas. By 1804 (including, New York (1799), New Jersey (1804)), all of the northern states had abolished slavery or set measures in place to gradually abolish it.

do exoplanetary systems follow the titus bode rule Titius–Bode law -- Recent astronomical research suggests that planetary systems around some other stars may follow Titius--Bode-like laws. Bovaird and Lineweaver applied a generalized Titius--Bode relation to 68 exoplanet systems that contain four or more planets. They showed that 96% of these exoplanet systems adhere to a generalized Titius--Bode relation to a similar or greater extent than the Solar System does. The locations of potentially undetected exoplanets are predicted in each system.

does the hockey puck have to cross the line to be a goal Goal (ice hockey) -- In ice hockey, a goal is scored when the puck entirely crosses the goal line between the two goal posts and below the goal crossbar. A goal awards one point to the team attacking the goal scored upon, regardless of which team the player who actually deflected the puck into the goal belongs to (see also own goal). Typically, a player on the team attempting to score shoots the puck with his/her stick towards the goal net opening, and a player on the opposing team called a goaltender tries to block the shot to prevent a goal from being scored against his/her team.

